horrible store !
i would not have payed more otherwise .
this food is on par with both pei wei and p.@@ f .
very clean .
very disappointing food and waste of my time .
the young girl that did the mani cut my nails uneven !
foods quality is good the atmosphere is not that we 'll appreciated .
very consistent over the years !
you get what you pay for ... stayed here to visit family in goodyear .
got to the room and it had a horrible odor .
i ordered the cheese ravioli with tomato sauce .
our main course came out before the soup !
welcome to arizona in style .
this restaurant does not know how to make them .
definitely the best italian market in phoenix !
i love the food all of it .
he was extremely rude , and he hung up on me !
there where _num_ waiters , still service was slow .
staff was very attentive and friendly , and the restaurant was extremely inviting .
it 's now to the point where it 's disgusting .
greens were good .
love the pizza .
my family and extended family love this place .
but , the food is exceptional .
there are three left and i believe this is the worst of them .
well worth a trip for a taste of italy .
poor customer service , poor quality pizza .
i will definitely come back for that and the singapore noodles .
_num_ for the homeless .
it was awkward and frustrating .
love this course and staff .
we got a couple of cannolis that were very good .
that was bad sign # _num_ .
husband ordered the ribeye and it too was cooked well done .
( he was under a year old ) .
this guy is awesome !
thanks again !
this is one of my family 's favorite establishments .
i have been here _num_ times .
the price of the sandwiches are very reasonable .
place is very clean and prices are very inexpensive !
otherwise , this place is a joy and the food is so good !
papa johns pizza is nasty .
and this restaurant hits all those dishes with top marks .
will not come back ... this place has no windows ?
as i said before , one pass .
if you are in the area i recommend you give them a try .
usually , i could use my groupon right away but whatever '' .
i should not have gone .
excellent food and wonderful service .
i had great service here today .
terrible service .
we should have gotten up and walked out to go someplace else .
guacamole is exceptional and the chimichanga chicken is delicious .
staff is friendly and we 've never had a service problem .
enjoyed the food !
we will be back thanks guys !
great service at a very reasonable price .
this location does n't even come close to being awesome .
i had to stay outside in the hot sun of _num_ .
it was disgusting .
the steak had absolutely no taste .
no one greeted us or even acknowledged us !
equipment was disgusting .
heaven .
please beware they are looking for a buck at your expense !
my pizza was cold .
great decor and kind service !
very good food , and inexpensive too .
this place is amazing .
it was fun !
they are not compassionate or understanding to my condition .
always delivery .
the lady that works here is such a sweetheart !
francisco was amazing !
the food is absolutely delicious and you ca n't beat the price .
never was waited on while the service desk person took customers out of order .
love the glass bottles and we have made fresh butter from their heavy cream .
great subs lots of food .
i got like a pound and it had about three bites of egg .
the wings sucked .
the best chinese food restaurant in the valley .
the wings are sorry .
my husband thought the soup was good and the egg roll was crispy .
completely inappropriate !
i have to say , i find the meat to be super sketchy .
so much better than subway .
overall good .
service here sucked .
the chips are unremarkable .
why are the fast food chains always so busy ?
wrong !
what a shame of a business you are running linda .
so i asked again for the manager and explained the situation .
you can tell they love the animals .
well , taco bell is taco bell .
there are _num_ sinks but only _num_ mirror in there too .
i will be recommending to every one i know .
it a hole in the wall in the middle of crack haven .
this place has been a favorite for years !
the sandwich artist 's were very nice .
lots of shady people out and about .
food was delicious .
and love him and his staff .
which is pretty sad since it 's for children .
daniel and the staff are always friendly .
i 've always had good service here , and we are here often .
i was charged for the cheese too because the total was $ _num_ something .
the egg was overcooked .
room was very adequate , quiet , and clean .
moved to goodyear from phoenix .
i would not recommend this place to anyone ever .
there prices were fair and their customer service was incredible !
wo n't be back for quite awhile .
they messed up my order and then did n't want to fix it correctly .
by far the best and only choice for healthy fast food in the area .
the service is friendly with a smile .
the food was disgusting .
shame .
love love love it .
the service is quick and freshly cooked .
you have an excellent employee !
_num_ of us can all share one meal , lol sometimes .
the food is very fresh .
the staff is really nice and the food was excellent .
bye bye forever mean people !
the guacamole tasted watery and bland .
what a gem this place is .
old appliances , like really old !
from outside this place looks sketchy at best .
they suck , after years of going there i am done .
i am very pleased .
very delicious !
several others walked in behind me also with complaints on orders .
with the first bite i knew it was not what i expected .
she was not even friendly !
it 's very loud , unclean and humans there buy everything .
kids were delighted .
not really fried rice , just seasoned rice .
awesome service !
each lady was busy , but they assisted me right away .
definitely worth a visit if you 're in the area !
the fried rice is the best around , not greasy , just delicious !
horrible customer service !
great prices !
we tried the sausage and cabbage rolls and both were very good .
best place to get ice-cream .
there was no taste to the food at all .
but domino 's is at least on par with pizza hut and papa johns .
the egg roll , over cooked , greasy , stale and horrible !
so disappointed !
took the whole family and had a great time and great food as well .
horrible !
the whole drink area was a mess as was the dining area .
he checked out the watch and then put in a new battery .
the food just did n't taste fresh .
they are rude and dirty .
it shows she enjoys her job !
so excited to have a chinese place near my office !
thanks !
do not get sucked into the hype of that dumb commercial .
do n't go to this metro location .
the arizona hum@@ ane society is a great place to ado@@ pt .
i did n't want to drink out of my glass .
they need a serious remodeling and to clean this mess up .
they look great tho .
has a great selection of what i need .
my baby is crying , im hungry , an this is just dumb ... .
great atmosphere and team .
keep it up !
he was very professional and thorough .
super close to home and did such a great job .
we opened the door to the room , it smelled .
surprisingly we did n't wait too long until our party of _num_ was seated .
great first experience .
never again in this dump .
not even worth to try .
please do step inside .
instead , they made everything so much hard and more painful .
great food , outstanding service !
good taste !
if i only had know i would never moved in .
nothing at all .
so i will say yay i am a fan !
motorcycle !
me and my wife come here all the time on special occasions .
phenomenal !
best in the business .
they seem to sincerely care about my cat .
asked for sausage egg cheese biscuit with bacon instead of sausage .
very nice place to eat !
there was hardly any ice cream at all in mine .
the staff is very helpful and answers all of my questions without being condescending .
the food is lacking quality and cost is not that great .
i did n't care for the food , thought it was bland .
best egg drop i have ever had .
locker rooms disgusting , smelly .
i could go on and on but i am sure you get the point .
there are way better places than here so please look else where .
i never felt pain like that before .
only good thing was the toasted bun .
real food , great value .
not to mention that is not even busy !
huge assortment of meats and cheeses .
this was my first experience with bo@@ s@@ n@@ i@@ an food , and it was amazing !
their fried rice is great .
she would have ignored me completely had i not called for her attention .
when i checked my order the fries were cold .
under it 's current management it 's a complete ripoff .
food was `` meh '' , maybe i just ordered the wrong thing .
went to sam 's club last sunday with my mom .
the customer service and the food has always stayed consistent .
this place sucks !
they maintain consistency and you can always expect an excellent meal .
not anymore .
wonderful service from the most friendly staff i 've ever seen .
there is a texas roadhouse around the corner .
)
great alternative to the chain restaurants .
this means a great deal to me .
they get new inventory everyday , so it definitely worth checking out .
if the tow driver would 've helped , i would of tipped .
everything was good .
the wait was reasonable , especially for brunch on a sunday .
do not go here and waste your money !
i have already called like _num_ times .
a month later , i still had not received my dryer back .
food is great !
the drive thru service is fast and friendly .
great food & awesome service .
their comics are also in poor condition .
needless to say we left and will not be back .
delicious pizza .
for $ _num_ my car looked excellent .
they were quite disgusting .
her entire meal was horrible .
phoenix hidden gem !
do n't ever ever ever stay at this hotel .
very kind and courteous staff and it is very clean .
also have good specials and great customer service .
this place will hit the spot !
took _num_ mins just to get our drinks .
excellent service all around and for a great price !
waffles were looking good .
i was a little disappointed with the quality and portion .
second night the room was not cleaned and no towels .
so do they ; why are you asking ?
wings and beer compliment the experience .
really liked this place !
they said the van was there but could n't find us .
they get my order wrong .
big mistake .
this place is a rip off .
even the frozen yogurt did n't taste very good .
if i could i would give _num_ stars .
when i entered the store , i did not smell one sense of food .
phones calls most of the times ignored , they never returned my call .
terrible service !
she was yelling so loud that the entire restaurant went quiet .
spent money on crappy food and horrible service !
all in all , a very good lunch .
& i finally found it after being on my way to church .
it 's pretty decent and the food is great .
the food is always great !
this was not a pleasant experience .
we are definitely going back !
fast and very yummy !
she had no compassion during a time of loss .
i was there yesterday , and the line was nine customers deep .
we had a great conversation and a few laughs .
def recommend trying it out , the staff is friendly and welcoming .
horrible !
mango margarita was pretty bad .
delicious sandwiches !
would recommend !
the place looks like a good old family owned restaurant .
it was really disgusting , so i contacted my manager .
over priced and disorganized !
i love this place .
the food is cheap and delicious and the interior decor is gorgeous .
the staff is always friendly .
i usually avoid this particular one .
best pizza on the west side , maybe the valley .
i would totally recommend them to everyone !
spoke to a person at their office and was told sorry !
but i just take it home and use my own !
that 's too bad cause this is the closest sears to my house .
wonderful place .
the tiramisu and cannoli 's are perfect .
harkins definitely has the best theaters in phoenix .
they also have great customer service .
the breakfast burritos are worth coming back for .
not much of the egg was noticeable in either dish .
decoration is outdated .
love them !
this hotel was the worst i have ever stayed in and felt very unsafe .
they really need a waitress to run the floor .
this theater is awesome .
the hostess was very unfriendly .
first off , this place is beyond crowded !
all are delicious !
walked out of this place after _num_ min of no service .
grease with a side of food poisoning .
very disappointed never going back to this ghetto restaurant is horrible !
my server was super nice and very helpful .
very knowledgeable and straight to the point .
i ca n't even imagine what the kitchen looks like .
all in all the service and food was great !
brought my son in for care .
the worst !
they also a lot of fresh seafood in live tanks .
food was warm that was suppose to be cold and chicken wings were old .
they get your food right and it is good .
that being said , the eggrolls were crunchy and the cabbage tasted good .
what a great place for breakfast .
as well as the other employees there .
nothing to write home about , but i 'll write it on yelp .
the orange chicken is a must .
each serving could easily feed two .
so disappointing .
there were like _num_ or _num_ other tables in the whole place .
the crab puffs were also nice and big .
we will not be coming back .
good pizza & friendly staff .
they do n't carry my series number ( _num_ ) only up to _num_ .
stand in line and get to the front but no pizza .
thanks for you great service tony !
he really listens .
love this place !
this place when using their coupon is an amazing value .
service was a bit slow and not that friendly .
very fast and very reliable !
as a female i am personally offended by this place .
always clean and well stocked !
excellent customer service !
awesome service !
i do n't recommend going there .
sonic has great food and tons of drink and dessert options .
worst food and customer service ever .
appetizers , salads , buffalo wings and beers have also always been good .
do not eat here .
been here for years but they can never get it right .
i have never felt so damn uncomfortable in my life !
i liked this course .
this is a corporate vet and everything bad that corporate vets do .
not like they 're doing the work for free !
really not impressed at all .
they have great customer service and they take excellent care of the animals .
do n't bother renting here .
wonderful .
_num_ star there .
do not use this company .
very friendly staff who goes above and beyond to help .
they are definitely a big hit at our office !
the staff was friendly and really knew how to engage the children in conversation .
the place usually has live music and it 's loud !
i waited for _num_ minutes to open to replace my battery .
i could deal with the really basic room .
hey we have been getting complaints that our pizza sucks .
i hate them for not giving me the option by calling me first .
i 've had much better elsewhere .
thank you .
we are late for our concert at this point and beyond frustrated .
delivery was fast and food was great .
i could n't find a mirror to save my life !
i was blatantly ignored and when i asked again .
otherwise great food !
great place super friendly .
i 'm not surprised this subway only has _num_ star !
awesome food , great staff , great atmosphere .
great deal at only $ _num_ !
_num_ for mani gel they did n't charge me for removal .
i am definitely a fan !
i was so pleased by the way it was served .
hate the service .
i think that 's totally awesome .
good variety and food was good .
the price point is good and great portions for the price .
the management sucks .
the dressing was thin and tasteless , very little blue cheese flavor .
this is a oil change express station with two servicing stations .
they had apparently called the clubhouse to complain about our pace .
it takes many appointments , and takes longer then _num_ minutes to do !
just a mess avoid at all costs !
this location deserves zero stars !
if i could give negative rating omg i would .
my food is hot and everything tastes great !
the flavor was wonderful in my coffee .
i pay my bill monthly on time .
perhaps not the best place to eat in doors but good take out food .
i just wanted to try something different and was very pleased .
myself and my family will not be returning to the place .
but didnt think it meant getting a _num_ % cooked pizza .
yes , hoping someone would hear me .
i 'll never b going back .
the noise level was quite ridiculous .
good food but poor cleanliness apparently .
do n't buy the groupon .
also enjoyed their homemade ice cream in a waffle cone .
found this place on yelp while passing through .
everything on the menu is something you can recommend to your friends .
this place was ridiculous .
a great experience .
very rude girls working here !
i asked for _num_ queen beds and got _num_ double beds .
why why why ?
and their steaks are tasty .
great little place .
thanks , francisco .
great service !
been here for about _num_ waiting & still have n't gotten my food .
disgusting .
probably the least appetizing chinese food i 've had in my life .
nice place to stay , good price for .
ask for fried rice with your meal they give you chicken fried rice .
great food and very friendly service .
this place is delicious .
we love this place and will continue to go back .
if i could give _num_ stars i would .
fast and pleasant service to boot ... i will be back .
well done .
great alternative to buffet chinese .
i have had the om@@ lette and french toast and they are both great .
asked for fried rice and honey sesame chicken .
returns are easy with or without receipts .
i highly recommend him .
its not worth what they charge .
thank you for your help !
see you there , 9am and 11am .
welcome to the family .
she ended up with a mild first degree burn on her stomach .
they lose a lot of points because of bad service .
spent _num_ months searching for the right place and found it .
they are honest , professional , and quick .
this is the perfect hotel !
the place was clean and very big for a bigger party .
soooo good .
finally the food comes , and of course , the order is wrong .
Neutral
my car got to its destination extremely fast and the service was wonderful .
so disappointing .
based on my last experience i do n't think i will bring my car back.
i will return !
desert was good .
very messy and unorganized ... not too many clothes or shoes to choose from .
said she 'd be back with it , never returned with one .
dine in or take out , it 's good food .
would definitely recommend , and will return in the future .
it too was similar .
the bread wasnt too bad .
the pizza came more quickly than we had anticipated !
_num_ .
and remember dont give up on your little girl she will come around !
delicious carne asada !
the non-smoking room reeked , but that was n't even the start .
horrible customer service .
very disappointment , customer service very poor and food was not good .
guess it 's not my thing .
the food was delicious too !
very sub par place .
the staff was very friendly .
_num_ star for that and another for the yummy biscuits .
this is my favorite chinese place to go so far .
i 'm just disappointed .
i now take my own family here .
do not order from here they are the worst !
i ordered the teriyaki chicken and it was a little bland .
i would rather be dirty than stay one more min in this place .
i love this place !
the amount of business alone should make it worth your while .
i did n't have to give you a dime .
i never understood party favors .
the service was good and i left filling plump !
please try if you have n't ... it 's so good !
i gave _num_ star for the side dishes .
do n't eat at this place .
for sure we will be back .
the most awful place to move to !
i ca n't understand how they 're still in business .
poor ambience and operations .
i ordered the bo@@ s@@ n@@ i@@ an sausage and was good .
will definitely be coming here on our next trip to phoenix !
another _num_ minutes goes by .
so , basically , they left me waiting for that .
bottom line , exceptional customer service !
will definitely come back with the whole family .
the bathroom was disgusting .
the retail store is nice too with very helpful employees .
i still want my old hole in the wall lenny 's back .
i love vca !
if you go in make sure you do not get brian !
adopted many animals over the years from this place .
i 'm traveling from california for work , and these servers have been pleasant .
no one is behind me not no line .
lunch specials come with more food than one should eat !
shame on you texas roadhouse .
amazing food .
it 's for sure the next best thing to making it yourself .
our waitress seemed rushed and never even came back to refill waters .
food is always delicious .
was not immediately impressed when i walked in .
i didnt even get utensils .
no wonder the food was so bad .
please make this store bigger .
terrible customer service , staff arguing with each other .
the salad bar was full , rotated , hot , & delicious .
sat down and saw people getting seated that came in after i did .
i drive back there and wait in line to return my food .
no paper towels anywhere in gas fill up area .
mostly a younger crowd at lunch time .
also missing , fork , napkins , condiments and the traditional fortune cookie .
the selection is just so-so .
trash every where .
i would n't trust danny 's to do anything to my truck .
the carpet had at least _num_ stains .
good choice , and i do n't eat chinese food !
very limited selection of everything .
what a treat the `` happy family '' entree is !
will never , ever visit this establishment again !
the service here sucks .
the enchiladas were the real disappointment .
the staff is completely horrible and unprofessional .
i took this photo after sleeping on my hair & it 's still gorgeous !
worst customer service ever !
she says no i 'm a lead or something of that sort .
worst experience ever !
just terrible !
was not impressed .
i was ate wings but i taste weird .
love this place !
only one star because i have to .
best moo shu pork in phoenix !
needs a new transmission , they say `` as is '' i get it .
every time i have been to wong 's i have had a great meal .
it was corned beef on a roll .
had n't been to this place in _num_ years .
i would n't recommend it to anyone .
this is the worst funeral home ever !
maybe that 's why the inside of the restaurant was so dead .
p e r i o d .
however , i 'm not paying for any of those things .
if you do n't you wo n't get any .
always clean and tables wiped down .
this even longer story short , they changed my oil .
the guy in front of us was ordering in spanish .
i have to say it 's the worst smelling la fitness in the valley .
do not use this company at all seriously call someone else .
amazing sauce !
the all you can eat is awesome .
i would n't recommend this place to anyone .
i could not believe it .
my favorite theaters !
waited _num_ minutes for breakfast at 10:30 this morning .
the hot n sour soup was okay .
thanks fellas for your above average work !
i 'm fat enough .
huge servings and amazing food .
we ordered ribeye and shrimp and both were wonderful .
i love this place !
wo n't return and threw away 3/4 of the pizza .
i would give zero stars if possible .
_num_ + 's from us !
awesome cashiers .
there pizza & wings are amaze !
?
the staff is always attentive certainly not friendly .
never again will i go there .
this is just not a good way to run a business .
the lady that does my eyebrows does an amazing job !
the food here is amazing !
_num_ minutes to get _num_ cheese burgers and a small fry .
good food and fast service ... !
damn it was freezing !
good deal and delicious pizza .
great place to take a family or business partners .
brings me back to my childhood growing up in new jersey !
it 's like you asked them to walk _num_ miles to get some .
i love this dentist !
it is quiet and great to take friends .
there was comes a time when you make bad choices .
owners speak little to no english .
this is good food and i would recommend it to anyone !
!
you know he loves me !
i will refer the world to them .
i was there just as long as if i had ordered in the store .
the take-out is definitely worth it !
best food is the fried rice .
excellent facilities .
this place is amazing !
loved it here !
it is amazing and is n't to high in sodium .
she is also an canadian / bo@@ s@@ n@@ i@@ an .
not so much .
my tow assistance is set by progressive at 10am .
she walked out and left me in there for half an hour .
the manager , steve , was very rude .
mothers has been a great place forever .
i also asked for hot sauce , guess what i got instead ?
the employees are top notch in the industry .
the only thing different is that they refilled the paper towel dispenser .
delicious !
george is probably the only trustworthy employee in this whole entire complex .
really disappointed with the service at this location .
a little dirty on the inside , but wonderful people that work there !
shady area , even a security guard is walking the grounds .
wth , potatoes or hash browns & eggs are what makes a breakfast burrito .
the best place for high-end work shoes - especially boots - and hiking shoes .
overall a great experience .
there was a lot of staff there , and no customers .
the food is fantastic and the prices are more than reasonable .
the customer service was also great .
the waitress was very friendly and attentive .
it 's the best i 've had and it 's relatively cheap !
the food is awesome !
i highly recommend them !
still , gross !
the round took _num_ 3/4 hours !
i 'm impressed with how fast they can make the food .
i absolutely love this place !
according to aaa , the wrong size filter was installed .
the guys gave good diagnostic to my car !
she spoke english when she took my money .
i went back through the website with another reservation to verify ... yup .
highly recommended to anyone with a german auto .
the cheese pita might be the same _num_ , close to it .
my appetizer was cold , half of the bowl of muscles were closed .
everything was horrible .
the manager said well i talk to her .
it 's just not an enjoyable place to play .
how rude !
this is my favorite pizza and wing place ever .
their sweet tea was good .
so far so good .
service was fast but poor .
she recommended the steak with the cheese and pepper , great choice !
they really need to get some workers in there that know how to cook .
this makes my sandwhich wrapping a mess !
i found the food here very tasty and reasonably priced .
delicious soft served ice cream .
i have been going to this family owned business for years and love it !
the chicken alfredo was nasty .
when seated the table was not clean .
but quite obnoxious if you are not into that type of thing .
this is excellent chinese food .
made an appointment to get my oil changed at 8am on june 2nd .
good service and fast .
a nice clean restaurant .
professional , friendly , and reasonable prices .
when telling cashier , he acted like he did n't hear me .
the store manager told the sales guy to give me an apple .
i will tell all my friends this is delish !
this place is clean and the food is fresh .
for something that was their fault so we got our prescription and left .
nothing was ever mentioned about smoking rooms .
love this place for breakfast .
i did n't believe them like i stated above .
great salad bar and good food !
thank you for making me a lifetime customer !
i am sad to see how much this place has gone downhill .
walgreen 's is dead to me .
how else can one explain the _num_ and _num_ stars for this place ?
we both love it !
i wanted to give you zero stars but it would n't let me .
i ca n't help but understand why sears is in such financial trouble .
this place does n't deserve one start nevertheless the _num_ star rating on hotwire .
this facility is really amazing .
this place is awful .
great food great prizes .
they are always friendly and call me by name .
the exam was decent , but after that it went downhill !
i love this place !
customer service _num_ : never argue with a customer !
great dr. and staff .
and one of the girls that works there is extremely nice !
so i do not recommend this location plus , they hardly have anything .
great product , and a great family run business .
as a server that really makes a difference !
absolutely terrible service from our waitress .
the pizza is amazing .
_num_ .
this establishment has always stayed consistent with their food as far as taste .
our server cody was awsome and very friendly .
very reasonable prices , especially for what you get !
online pick up you better be ready for long delays .
has the same video games , even !
it was horrible .
our server was great !
i love their sauce , which is fairly sweet with good tomato notes .
family owned and operated as well .
nice , hd !
horrible service .
lots of issues with the games not working and not giving tickets out .
the place was crowded on monday morning ( labor day ) .
the food is absolutely yummy .
if you have n't been here i definitely recommend it !
do not stop here if you are wanting fast service .
it 's one place in the valley where you can get decent chinese food !
too much bread ( $ ) for not enough meat ( meat ) .
they are very friendly and will take care of you .
what an awesome job !
hands down one of the best places around .
he was a total ass .
the customer service was just amazing .
not my chips .
i was so very disappointed .
he sure as hell didnt .
clean , friendly , and well organized !
any chain restaurant , for that matter , has better pizza .
our waitress kyle was very attentive , courteous and polite .
hits the spot if you are a real carni@@ v@@ ore .
fantastic !
i spoke with a manager , erica martin about our happy hour drinks .
drug deals out in the parking lot .
there was nothing special .
comes with all you can eat pancakes .
round tables make seating a large group a bit strange but love the place .
apparently , i was not the only one with the roach issue .
excellent food , excellent prices and large sized portions .
best pizza i 've had in the valley .
she was too confused to answer my question .
food is always made fresh and i have never had to wait too long .
he could n't breath .
it just looked like the bed had been made and that 's it .
all was well prepared and served .
will come back next time we come into town .
it is an excellent place with a great atmosphere .
plus its all you can eat .
service is so so .
the crust was plain and there was a lot of it .
the place did n't even do anything for the birthday girl .
her potato was burnt and dry .
waitress asked if i would like to box it up and i politely declined .
so close to my house , i 'll definitely become a regular !
this is my go to spot for chinese food .
i wo n't be staying here ever again .
the lady that answered was extremely rude and did n't care one dam bit .
they are friendly and have wonderful attitudes .
if i could give this a negative star , i would .
friendly staff .
they have amazing breakfast , very good coffee and a variety of meals .
my poor pup , with no teeth at only _num_ yrs old .
we love tokyo express !
love the peanuts .
she did n't even realize that we already had our food .
this gym i way over do for an upgrade .
juan is an excellent server : he 's professional , quick and personable .
i ran out of this place and i will never ever come back !
crappy buffet .
great for a quick bite , when craving for some chinese food .
the food was amazing and the culture was better .
this place is definitely one you should visit outstanding food and great melon water !
music is good old school and i 'll keep going back !
the best mexican restaurant .
this does not make any sense .
he makes it right everytime we ask for him !
this place is good .
the equipment they had was really outdated and painful .
cheap drink specials .
do n't waste your money here if you are looking for a meal .
great service and wonderful atmosphere .
the wings , first off , we 're really good !
deli also has a good variety of meats .
go here if you want some italian goods and a fresh tasting sandwhich .
i was surprised that it was open after midnight on valentines day .
rude !
they ran out of pumpkin cheesecake .
my husband and i love this place and have been coming for years .
arrived early to my appointment scheduled at 3pm .
they have great specials and prices are very reasonable .
horrible !
_num_ .
how absurd !
the food portions are huge for a great price .
i love this place !
the service the last time i went was just terrible .
i would give this place zero stars if i could .
everything they put inside the sandwich just goes together so well .
food cold , tasteless and soggy .
i have been there twice and the food was plentiful and oh so fresh .
the pepper steak is another good one .
absolutely the right place when you want to have a dinner with your family .
it was terrible .
extremely happy with this place !
extremely dense and hard to eat .
i am very happy with the deals i received .
i had the biscuit egg , bacon , and cheese sandwich and the waffle .
save your money and do n't buy a warranty !
it reminds me of home .
i called the salon before purchasing the groupon to check their availability .
awesome office love dr. h we have him for our boys .
or did you just quit caring ?
the sweet and sour pork , taste like chicken nuggets !
bland .
the service excellent and the waitress was very attentive .
great service , good food- even without a coupon , we 'd go back .
this store sucks .
so they leave you with a terrible experience every , single , time .
food and service were both great .
it sure was quick , but , come on !
i will order from here again the price was right .
nice guy and excellent customer service .
i seriously feel so gross right now after eating there tonight .
no way .
_num_ .
the best the desert has to offer .
do not stay here .
i will recommend this shop to anybody looking to have jewelry sized or repaired .
the problem is the management & the maintenance staff do not fix anything .
i told the lady that it was hurting and she did n't stop .
nothing to report there .
these guys are rude and unprofessional .
the place was dirty with screaming children running around out of control .
she said , sorry you 're next .
i will always use this company in the future .
sausage shaved on top ... so delicious plus they have great hot wings !
they make their own tortillas right in front of you .
only reason i gave a star was yelp forced me too
the food was always excellent , the service was outstanding .
no , of course not !
this was not good .
this was our cue to leave .
really a good word today .
they have a ton of clothing and a pretty decent furniture section .
guess i 'll have to keep driving to tempe for taco tuesday .
i built my pie online and set up a carryout option with cash payment .
definately a place you can bring the family or just go for happy hour !
but , the shrimp linguini totally blew .
i love the wings but they are n't worth the beyond terrible service .
terrible experience do n't recommend to anybody .
the pizza is very good , and the wings are my favorite .
everyone we met there was very kind and quite funny .
this place is a little fat mexican girl 's dream come true !
the items marked as hot are hot !
employees were overly rude , inconsiderate and unprofessional .
you can actually fold the slice down the center just like ny pizza !
other pizza places always put dips and napkins when you buy pizza from them .
the sandwich was dressed with a not so tasty dressing .
she did n't apologize for the error .
i went to red lobster today with my family the service was horrible .
the attitude just gets worse as you 're shopping and checking out .
it was rated two star on hotwire but that was a real stretch !
i love this place .
it was the same if not worse .
i spent $ _num_ and they want me to pay for dips .
best time to come is lunch when they have all their specials on .
beyond great food .
fast friendly service and fresh food .
thank you !
food is always good .
this place does n't even deserve the one star i 'm giving them .
no way i could make it across town on a friday night .
highly recommend this restaurant .
the staff were so gracious and extremely helpful !
every time we come and enjoy the services here the experience is pleasant .
i really do n't miss this place nor will i ever crave anything here .
she returned a couple mins later with sad fixes , but sorta fixes .
worse service ever .
it 's delicious !
i recommend their vegetable soup it is great !
they did not bother saying anything until i asked if they were closed .
_num_ and a half hours for a quoted _num_ min oil change .
the cashier was very friendly .
all very fresh and delicious !
which is less than we paid for by the way .
to top it off the food was prepared with no gloves .
ordered the family pack which included _num_ wings , fries and garlic bread .
some of the doctors are ok im referring to the business as a whole .
i also ordered the hot tea .
they 're food is always freshly cooked and cooked well .
i told him that is not my issue .
this shop is a great shop .
they have a lunch special and larger specials that can feed a family .
i will be going back soon !
and food is cold , soggy , not edible by any means .
will never visit this location again !
this was a waste of time .
Positive
the prices are pretty cheap and the food is flavorful and traditional .
good service .
bunkers are annoying and inconsistent .
right up the street from my house ca n't be beat !
they get _num_ stars for the huge portions .
excellent , excellent service .
specially the house fried rice !
simple great flavor sand best bang for your buck .
i 've always had a great experience here .
i really expected so much more but was completely disappointed .
alber@@ to the manager and his team are phenomenal !
all i can say is wow .
the sheets , comforter , and towels were stained .
the staff is rude , unpleasant and just a bad experience .
then i waited another _num_ for a cappuccino that was cold when ordered hot .
will definitely be back next time in phoenix .
flavorful , juicy , superior steak .
the service was poor and the atmosphere did n't feel clean .
this place is awesome !
they ca n't find my house .
i was good to go in less than an hour .
i love this place !
the staff is extremely rude and unorganized !
my feet feel so much better after she 's done .
its ok , i guess .
love going here for lunch .
tonight was terrible !
they truly love animals .
i recommend !
their service is terrible !
come on now that is ridiculous .
quaint .
and service is friendly and quick !
i took my _num_ yr old dog into her first teeth cleaning last week .
love this place !
even my brother did n't want to finish them .
fantastic service , very clean and fresh and delicious .
_num_ hours later it was ready .
thanks for the great experience .
_num_ % tip from your bill is more then enough if you ask me .
always enjoy our experience at little dragon .
great bo@@ s@@ n@@ i@@ an food , excellent friendly service .
been coming here for years it is definitely to go to c@@ om@@ i@@ da china .
it was easy to shop because there is not many people in the aisles .
more importantly , the food sucked .
he just did n't care about being there .
the cabbage rolls were very tasty and flavorful .
happy workers !
i was very unsatisfied with the food .
my torta was n't too big but but was very filling .
now i remember why i do n't like olive garden .
they always mess up my order and give me the wrong food .
i liked it a lot .
there care is sub-par .
good food and great to go service .
they welcome you with open arms and are always there when your in need .
i was told that i would have to wait over a week for repair .
tried complaining to corporate office and they turned me back to the manager .
the food is very good !
the restroom had no toilet paper or hand soap .
best chinese foods in town !
yesterday on my lunch break i was craving carne fries .
chicken was best described as canned chicken .
give it a go !
did n't even acknowledge us .
great prices .
this was my last visit to any outback .
do n't waste your money .
he got there in about _num_ minutes .
avoid this location at all cost !
this gem was recommend to my by a local at the game .
there were _num_ .
we will definitely be back !
all the sides were wrong .
it took _num_ minutes for a table to open up .
i 'm very very happy with coin gallery .
it 's ghetto and the service is incredibly horrible .
this place is a keeper !
we picked _num_ cities to stop in while driving .
we literally could n't eat our dinner .
all the veggies were really fresh .
awesome team !
they have quality freshly made food for low prices !
the waitress was super nice and made sure we had what we needed .
i showed approved and then showed printing receipt .
i requested a tow to coach works on a tuesday after hours .
i travel _num_ miles further to the peoria location which is much nicer .
not recommended just go to walmart or somewhere else .
will be coming back for sure !
needless to say , i would n't recommend this company to anyone ever !
i will be back again !
avoid this place .
love the food here .
what a lovely experience .
it 's delicious .
i had it transferred to another location and got my meds in _num_ mins .
love her , `` honey '' !
the food is great .
authentic , ambient , clean , quick , friendly , and delicious !
the staff are very friendly and helpful .
avoid this location at all cost .
pathetic .
so for _num_ , i would skip this place !
highly recommended .
but lack of integrity , i am looking somewhere else this evening .
- decor is nice .
7:30 am , i am told i will have to wait till _num_ am .
anyway , great job and i 'd call them again .
the manager was nice enough - no big deal .
he treated us like we were his family .
the service was very very very very very slow , and a wrong order .
very disappointed in the quality of the food .
as writing this still stuck in the drive thru .
very good ... .
i paid the $ _num_ and have never been back .
i love this place .
they do an awesome job at an affordable price .
worst ever .
this location is horrible .
always have a good experience when i go and buy !
turkish coffee is delicious and presented well .
she tries to upsell me on the meal , i say no .
that is ridiculous !
my son had a horrible experience with the staff at this complex .
worst place to live in az .
a long drive , but worth it everytime .
keep up the great job guys !
i will not come back .
i got done what i needed to get done .
some nice co@@ ins priced at market values .
it took me _num_ minutes just to drive there one way .
i really do n't get why people come here so often .
great food and as is the service .
overall value is really good , and it satisfied me for lunch .
this place is amazing !
recently moved to the area .
was a great help and excellent tow truck driver .
this is my favorite chinese food place in az .
bad !
_num_ .
unfortunately eating some taco bell would be a better choice .
i walk away and go to the host and ask for a manager .
but it was n't all that good either .
service was great , friendly , and they were very attentive .
it was pretty awful .
service and food was amazing .
i 'm definitely coming back !
great place with lots of compassion for animals .
however i will never do business there again .
these donuts have the perfect texture and taste .
going in with coworkers for a quick bite to eat i ordered the nachos .
great place !
i cancelled my membership after a week .
everything is fresh and absolutely delicious .
looking for a new breakfast spot and this is it !
pretty open yet challenging .
this food is so delicious .
just lovely .
the bad : where do i begin ?
idiots !
what a disappointment .
clean , large menu , simple decor , great service & price .
great store !
cops always seem to be here .
however i am not satisfied with this place .
big huge mistake .
i loved the meal and the turkish coffee .
try a guinness or a porter , really .
had a really good time riding at this well run family owned establishment .
needless to say , i have n't been back since .
the store is clean & organized very well .
the food was pretty good and the servings are huge !
the service has improved tremendously .
only taking cash at the moment which sucks !
very rudely he asked if he should do my fix before everyone else 's .
the mariscos here were hella good !
francisco was a great help .
wrong !
i used to love the mussels appetizer , but this visit they were awful .
the popcorn sucks .
i had a bite of my husbands chicken tacos and it was delicious !
they do n't have my ink .
Positive
shame i ca n't give this place a lower review .
went upstairs to bring the mattress down .
worst hotel i 've stayed in ever .
well done francisco !
steak and ribs outstanding .
the fried outer layer was overcooked , over salted and smooth .
i recommend this office to all of my friends .
best place in town for a great burger and fries !
but there came a point that i could ignore no more .
could use less sugar but whatever works .
give this place a shot .
by far the best i 've ever had .
do n't go here if you want any kind of service .
beautiful cut and incredible color !
the pizza was really good as well .
the meat was soft and tender with good flavor .
i have never been so disappointed !
the best towing experience i 've ever had !
i love the atmosphere !
i had to choose _num_ star otherwise , i could n't post this review !
the coconut shrimp was ok .
upon entering , the atmosphere was just ok .
food is ok but service is something that is lacking .
almost like a smokey smell mixed with bad bo .
wings were good too !
i have went to this location over a hundred times in high school .
she rings me up and hands me one cup .
disgusting rooms ... noisy ... smelly ... loaded with homeless people ... horrible experience .
( to eat , not to love , but to eat ) .
pastor joe has such a huge heart for his church members and community .
first time here and the service was very good .
the staff is friendly and the sound is ok .
neither of them acknowledged me .
best chili relleno burritos !
not really i heard you talking about your relationship .
i also notice that floor was really and there was no wet floor sign .
disgusting .
so frustrating .
getting by bed delivered was a pain .
now this place is just a serious dive with little to no redeeming qualities .
unfortunately i will not be eating here again ... .
so gross today .
we 've tried all their main entres & they are all delightful .
there is a walmart across the street !
wonderful !
without complaining , i had received a coupon for a free large pizza .
it was the most rudest most disrespectful thing he could have done .
did n't care if we needed anything .
you get the ranch because it 's freaking amazing there .
so the salad was a fail .
the meatball sandwiches are big , and very good .
office max has officially lost my business .
overall a bad experience for _num_ bucks !
the food was n't bad , but it did lack flavor .
by the time our food got to the table , our drinks were empty .
it 's not hard to find , i swear .
otherwise very please with the food ad service .
the very nice lady behind the counter said sure no problem .
seriously love this place !
i feel very welcomed every time i go .
i probably wo n't be back for another _num_ .
you can keep your rotten tomatoes and sour salsa , jerks .
every time i drive by the store i 'm reminded of the horrible experience .
the staff is very friendly and quite helpful .
the pizza is so good !
i am not kidding or exaggerating .
the waiter said i could n't take the shrimp home because it was unlimited .
thanks central !
a must try and a new favorite .
it was n't horrible tasting food , just bland for what i prefer .
comfortable seats .
it was n't my idea to come .
very good food .
got off the phone another _num_ min later the driver got to our house .
there are only like _num_ chairs inside .
pretty darn good .
worst mongolian bbq i 've ever had .
they also speak spanish !
_num_ am and no place to sleep .
they make a solid michela@@ da too .
took _num_ minutes to get our drinks and the order was wrong .
to be honest the only thing that was good was the fountain drinks .
service was great .
the onion rings are great .
incredibly rude .
food tasted old , got sick .
i went there today and had really great service !
i may shop there again - not ( unless pig 's fly ) .
for the soup , i went with the chicken & gnocchi .
green corn tamale is so good !
they have new pedicure chairs and the staff is always nice .
i guess i need to spell that out more clearly next time .
such a great place !
none of the six of them acknowledged me .
food and service were really good .
it was very informative and also very personable .
i agree with jason b , the service here sucks !
i loved everything !
nice service and staff , beer selection is great .
you 'll see the hands down difference this man can make in your life .
cashier was very friendly and always willing to help .
the cashier was very friendly .
the food was amazing , everything homemade and fresh .
ingredients were of low quality with no taste .
looks pretty sketchy on the outside but it 's good as fuck .
horrible !
she was attentive , prompt and friendly .
food great.
this place has authentic mexican food , the chicken tacos are great !
the food here is n't very good .
good service .
drinks were filled promptly without being asked , and our server was very friendly .
my kids love this place .
i got the number # _num_ and it was very delicious .
great family run business .
the produce are fresh and the shelves are always full .
delicious !
no customer service at all .
the pizza dough was good and the wings were big and fresh .
everything is awesome !
this is the worst excuse for italian food ever .
no drink order .
it melted in my mouth .
great customer service .
really good food for the price .
i ca n't imagine that they did n't give me napkins or dips .
horrible service .
great food and the service is one of the best .
i spent almost _num_ min laughing at just _num_ jacket .
also , our experience with the waitstaff was wonderful as well .
if this is a recipe change it is not a good one .
probably the best chinese food in the west valley !
he was very nice and apologized for my experience .
no more service from me .
walked across the street and am sure glad i did .
it was a empty bar .
what i was not fine with .
friendly folks .
the service was great , we really enjoyed eating here .
it 's a shame to watch this place take the turn it has .
the service was nice but not worth coming back .
the taco was crispy and flavorful .
i highly recomend !
there was no one else in there .
i was like no there is no way !
i thought walmart cashiers were bad , these take the cake !
by far one of the best places to get a torta in arizona .
i remember this being a pretty nice gaming store .
the waitress then offered to refill our bread basket .
good food although waitresses take a bit long to check on you .
still my favorite place to get a green chili burger !
pros : they 've got a really good selection .
there is another good thing about the restaurant ... the service .
she did agree to adding a order of fries free of charge .
never will i be back to this place .
bonus !
the hot and sour soup was amazing .
for a tiny diner , the food is outstanding .
they do n't make their own sausage but the meal was still very tasty .
it was nice and warm .
good food .
so i ordered a salad instead .
it does help out with you have children .
the wings were just gross .
if i could give _num_ stars i would .
just did n't work out for us .
however always check your order !
their delivery service is always on time , pleasant , and focused .
i 'm very dissapointed .
_num_ .
the office staff was very fast , kind , and attentive .
no elevator .
the course is in even worse condition from when the pictures were taken .
the place is worn and old looking inside and out .
i got there and they only had one _num_ pack .
why are they taking over all the airports , stations , and rest stops ?
do not use this company !
always busy dirty and smells like cigarette buds .
the service is terrible .
right now , _num_ '' cold cut or meatball subs are _num_ .
they were both very good .
sure would like to know why ?
the cheese is different , the crust is different .
friendly ladies working here too .
i have nothing nice to say .
not worth the money .
i have adopted one dog and one cat from here .
nice seating , good customer service .
i do n't know what happened but the mongolian bbq no longer exists .
i was there yesterday for the first time .
the door would not open .
highly recommend him !
do n't trust your car anywhere else these guys are incredible !
after reading the previous reviews i was a bit concerned .
connie is a cool lady , she 's been there for years .
it is clean inside & out regardless of what time i go .
total rip-off !
i do not steal , do n't have to and never have .
the turkish coffee is very strong and great when paired with dessert .
great food .
when is the last time you were here '' blah blah blah .
we also pressed the button _num_ times to get someone .
rude .
horrible .
the peach tea was amazing as always .
very rude staff .
nice selection of imported foods too .
fed up i called the district manager .
best whole in the wall chinese food in the west valley !
mattress is _num_ months old .
sadly , it took another five mins for our food to arrive , incorrectly .
thank you daniel for taking care of my vehicle .
their customer service via phone or in person is excellent .
this place is run down for a safeway .
i love eating at this location .
i always come for my pedicures to amy .
it 's very clean and well organized .
it was awesome !
great food , low prices , and huge quantity !
this place is fantastic .
everyone was so helpful and so kind .
if i could give this place no stars , i would .
at the end you 'll be surprised & satisfied with the pricing .
and another _num_ mins just to get our check .
it 's never crowded and the workers are so friendly !
the blankets were paper thin .
by far one of the worst shopping experiences i 've ever had .
go here and leave happy .
people have bad days .
to add to that , they are super slow !
got ta love pizza mart !
one of the worst animal hospitals i have ever been too !
very professional and gracious staff , absolutely wonderful food .
we shall return again and again !
again , the pizza is outta this world .
called in a delivery order from this location and it was late .
the pizza is the best you can get outside of new york .
excellent , fast work at a great price !
thank you so much !
the house fried rice and egg rolls are the best in phoenix .
nasty people .
do n't stop , keep going !
terrible customer service couldnt even tell me how much was on a gift card .
pancakes covered in strawberries was a nice addition to the meal !
thanks so much again !
no child or baby here .
sure enough , another _num_ minutes go by .
there was a gentleman smoking outside creepy looking and went into the lobby .
i had to spend the day cleaning and getting rid of bed bugs !
i love the hum@@ ane society .
i asked if i could get one from an empty room .
positive : fast , friendly and fresh .
great food , italian grocery , deli , etc .
the bread is so buttery and the meat is so good !
i asked if she could void the transaction and again i got a no .
this place is definitely worth driving to and will be an annual vacation favorite .
rainbow donuts offers amazing these donuts in various flavors and fillings .
but seriously the employees here were excellent .
excellent quality .
horrible service .
if i could rate them _num_ i would .
the best has to be the bo@@ s@@ n@@ i@@ an sausages .
_num_ .
the lady who takes your order is rude .
the service is very polite and attentive .
could n't check the second room since our key did n't work .
the chairs are comfortable and the prices are affordable .
the food is always fresh and tasty .
everything we ate was really good .
got helped out by francisco and he was very friendly and efficient .
i used to love olive garden but its become so blah .
also , someone said the regulars are a joy to hang out with ?
will not be coming back .
it looks great inside and the sales associate was very helpful .
authentic bo@@ s@@ n@@ i@@ an food according to my bo@@ s@@ n@@ i@@ an friends .
i love this place .
another _num_ minutes goes by and we have no water and no service .
but i can try to texture it . ''
we love texas roadhouse !
to start off i wish i could give them zero stars .
it was hot but i noticed immediately , no pizza aroma !
if i could rate it _num_ stars , i would .
horrible service , very difficult to deal with .
the exam was decent , but after that it was all downhill !
now it is just plain bad food .
could hardly find the mozzarella either .
i said i only use apple .
i really do n't know if it was water .
guy was quick and cautious and really cool .
very professional , great horses , great scenery , it was lovely .
cool atmosphere .
barley anybody there .
thank you fellow yelper 's for this recommendation !
will never play here again after playing here today .
no apology .
all i could taste was extremely burnt onions and insanely soggy bun .
this is a great and blessed church of god !
do not use this company !
the lady that runs this place is awesome - extremely friendly .
get something to go or stay for awhile , your mouth will thank you .
frankly , i know better than to order wings from a national chain store .
great pizza .
service is great as well !
first time customer with my dad today .
the seating sucks .
she started yelling and giving me bad attitude .
everything is delicious from the soup to the pitas !
it was a little rude and off putting .
the girls are very fast and accurate when putting orders in .
the warm rolls with the cinnamon butter was also a treat !
he was very reasonable with his price , friendly , and fast .
wifi worked just fine .
i am happy to say that we did not have the same experience .
the prices are astounding .
yo yelp people - why is n't there a zero star rating ?
friendly staff .
if i could give it a _num_ i would .
first bite was great , then my wife commented that it was bleeding .
there are tvs on , not loud .
just got a dog from the campus for compassion , what an incredible facility .
$ _num_ wasted on this place .
avoid this place .
amazing ribs and the fried pickles are delicious !
really love this place .
i asked for a to go box for a left over roll and shrimp .
the pastrami sandwich was great !
we saw the most beautiful country !
we drove _num_ minutes across town to ado@@ pt a kitten .
the greeter when you walk in does n't smile .
the young girl working is rude .
not only is the service terrible , the management is terrible .
it is tacky to the touch and uneven .
keep an eye on the prices .
stopped by for a local , fire grilled burger .
will make this place a regular staple .
then an hour goes by no food .
i do n't know smh .
i do n't even think we 'll bother going back there .
another incident that should n't have happened was in the bakery .
i never got a call and a repair was never made .
the other constant is how rude everyone is .
my pasta was so dry that it was almost sticking together .
no apology or nothing !
another purse had been put into the dust cover in its place .
my boyfriend and i recently drove cross country .
it takes a lot of skill to help people smoothly during a difficult time .
that is just bizarre ... at best .
unfortunately not .
all of it was amazing .
had an attitude and got orders wrong .
if your in the neighborhood , definitely worth the stop .
we were so pleased with the food , the flavor and authentic service .
very nice man .
definitely will be going back .
the best customer service !
this place was a disaster .
the place is dirty and disgusting .
burns in the blankets and little dead bugs on top of bed !
but i do n't feel my vehicle is safe outside .
thank you dan and the rest of the team at affordable german auto repair !
as soon as she saw me she knew why i was there .
regardless of which location we go to we get the same excellent service !
too bad .
this is the absolute worst walgreens i 've ever been to .
this is the worst place ever .
also not good .
meat sitting around at room temperature in plain view .
( which the soda was flat ) .
our first time there and we 'll be returning !
i also love to have a nice cup of hot tea too .
best wings i have had in a long time .
she said nothing to me .
you really ca n't go wrong with fried shrimp .
it is the stuff of nightmares .
i guess that is not the case .
i have n't been in awhile because of these reasons .
highly recommended .
very nice and very good at what they do !
good beer good food love this location .
service is friendly !
you 're not going to find any of that useful shit at party city .
i would n't write a review on a franchise unless it pissed me off .
definitely coming back .
the server was super nice , great service !
was it a bit too fat ? ''
salad , zucchini , the ranch dressing , its all amazing .
very tasty .
i love this place !
thanks for everything !
we found _num_ in a corner , the rest was n't cleaned .
the eggs and gyro plate is awesome !
definitely my new favorite authentic taco shop !
my uncle died very suddenly and unexpectedly .
my kids absolutely love the video games and ice cream cones .
they argued with me and gave me a lame $ _num_ credit !
great deal !
her attitude was disgusting .
not a regular roach a huge sewer roach .
there were bad grapes mixed in with good ones .
that is to say , service was totally non-existent .
my salad was meh and my fianc 's ribs were a little dry .
the owners are very friendly and attentive .
it 's right next to qt .
the cashier asked who is going to eat because there is not sharing ?
also , a free tow to the company .
let me be specific as to why i do n't like this place .
the third order our garlic knots were burnt and hard .
the soups and the bread were fantastic .
_num_ stars .
but the dentist was rude .
this place was freezing cold inside !
thank you for doing an incredible job !
his customers service skills are poor at best .
brothers specializes in new york style pizza .
which in the@@ ory , is a little high .
wow is all i can use to describe the evening here .
i now bring my family and sure the great food and memories with them .
the serving is that humongous ; it can feed three people .
did n't offer hot and sour soup at lunch , only egg drop .
just flat out rude .
goods move fast so there is always something new to find .
for great service they deserve _num_ stars !
my husband & i just finished an excellent lunch at red lobster .
they are professional and always available .
the food is reliable , tasty , and appropriately priced .
shes the best .
it is still one of the best chinese restaurants in the valley .
my fianc and i had an amazing dining experience .
if we had waited any longer , they all would have been dead !
so fresh and delicious .
at least this _num_ minute wait wont end badly .
fair and knowledgable .
i would recommend this location to all of my friends and family .
you are a true mesa landmark !
by far the worst dining experience i 've ever had in my entire life .
course has great layout .
well done !
i also noticed these prices were pretty stiff .
got a good haircut , everything was nice and even .
the wings are really good too but i always ask for them fresh .
is n't that a little bit unethical ?
super fun hor@@ se@@ back ride !
everyone is so friendly and accommodating and the services are great .
food arrives , everything is normal , whatever .
these apartments are quiet and well kept .
come on over i guarantee you will be born again .
great great great .
we pretty much love all their food .
been here many nights and great as usual .
i 've been coming for many many years and they have the best wings .
i specially asked for a non smoking room but our room smells of smoke .
totally inappropriate for any family restaurant in my opinion .
he was so professional and nice and i felt completely comfortable with his adjustment .
i would be embarrassed to call this my golf course .
we have recommended this great find to everyone .
yeah !
gross .
best place ever .
the front door was broken off of the cabinet that held the fridge .
honestly , i would only leave zero stars if i could .
he was extremely knowledgeable and patient with me .
had i reviewed it i would have given it a solid _num_ .
absolutely amazing .
they make the best orange chicken .
he received great care and was a completely different dog by that evening .
bad sign # _num_ .
the food is not cooked all the way , and , none wears gloves .
i always have fresh warm sweet & sour with spring rolls .
majority of produce is fresh i loved the fresh okra .
baklava is the best you 'll ever have , hands down .
they have never changed any items over the years and it always tastes amazing !
-- with said gross !
all in all , a great alternative to the big guys .
great deli and grocery .
the communication with this store was awful !
great service !
the staff was very professional and informative .
service and food are disgusting .
everytime we go our experience has been great !
do n't waste your time or money here .
it 's the worst pizza i 've ever had .
employees are great would definitely come back to this location next time .
i must same the service we received today was excellent .
definitely coming back if service stays at this level .
awesome food !
the new course is great !
thanks for the awesome service !
prices are reasonable but overall great service and food !
the fried rice was terrible .
went to get my dogs nails trimmed and bath .
the only good thing about this place is that its cheap .
all three items were extremely delicious .
best pizza in the valley !
parking is horrible !
this is the best drunk food drunk money can buy .
the food is always hot and fresh .
there were a handful of flies waiting to greet us in our room .
bill is so cute and sweet , kind and an amazing artist .
the food was great and our server , connie was amazing !
but she made it that much better !
this company is complete fraud .
i ca n't do this place & will never recommend it to anyone .
waiter dropped off food and never came back !
the restrooms were a disaster !
gross !
although the burger looked smashed i must say the flavor was amazing !
horrible service and ethics !
i would recommend this to anyone !
wonderful experience .
awful , food sits and is old .
order _num_ simple things was told 30-45 min which is find .
both looked grossed as hell .
haha could give another star for convenience but parking is bad !
definitely worth checking out especially after drinking all night ... really hits the spot .
so we changed it up and guess what pizza still sucks !
so we sat there for _num_ minutes before she even sat us .
and the salad looked old .
very unimpressed and wo n't be coming back again .
i love this place and will definitely make it a regular spot !
but what was n't acceptable was the salt level in the food .
and the staff in the cafe is not the most friendly bunch .
i visited macayo 's with a friend last night before a concert .
very pleasant service .
everyone is super friendly and the food is great !
he enjoyed it very much !
but the food was very nice .
fast service , and great customer service !
very nice server 's .
overall a very nice surprise .
and its not the first time that service was bad there .
place is amazing !
the pepper beef i found completely bizarre : the meat was almost smooth .
great music playing on the radio .
and the woman who took our order was so nice and friendly !
best wings in town .
the second room was better , but still nothing spectacular .
clean and friendly .
love it here !
diner beware : it will go down under quickly .
it took maybe _num_ minutes .
after they hook you , they do n't care .
great little storefront restaurant .
i live close and will definitely be back for lunch .
absolutely fantastic food .
it was totally bland and was overwhelmed with ricotta cheese .
the staff is very friendly and attentive .
there 's no chance i will ever be back .
would leave _num_ stars if i could .
great wall buffet is an excellent value !
friendly staff and they are always on top of refills .
great service and great food !
the best stuffed cabbage rolls i 've had .
stop by for a beer sat .
i tell him `` sir , i 'm standing right here in line . ''
she was amazing !
still great and will eat here again .
i am not sure what the big deal is about this place .
honestly this is one of the worst food dining experiences i have ever had .
at that point i had it and left with no food .
just wanted to send a big thank you to francisco !
they are friendly and always welcoming .
food is n't good .
it was great .
their pharmacy staff are very rude , slow and unprofessional .
i enjoyed their pollo bowl !
great subs !
great food and great service !
this is a beautiful course that is tucked back in the foo@@ th@@ ills of ahwatukee .
( point here : texas roadhouse does n't have them ) .
the ambiance inside was not expected and just added to the quality .
there is no iron in the rooms .
thank you again .
we will not be back !
great first delivery !
the rest are worthless , unreliable , and extremely rude and unprofessional !
this is so awesome !
and it was really tasty !
and we 've tried a few different recipes , all of them amazing .
nothing extraordinary .
tasted like they put tons of salt on it .
the food is amazing and super tasty .
i love the crust and their wings are great too !
but , hair in food ruined the experience .
my husband and i were dining here for valentines day last year .
the rest are worthless , unreliable , and extremely rude and unprofessional !
every server that served us has been a delight .
best group of guys amazing service for a modest price .
love it !
they are great treated her so kind and good .
it is all about up sale and scare tactics at this vet .
i will definitely bring my kitty back for all of his care here .
i could n't even bring myself to finish one bowl .
which is also a place i would not want to ever go back to .
places like this show you the american dream is alive .
it was a horrible experience .
great portions and food taste great .
he is gentle , takes his time , and makes you feel comfortable .
after this experience , we 're not sure if we want to return .
and they are always tasty .
i guess if you do n't mind doing that it 's worth $ _num_ .
when she dropped off our food she gave us the check as well .
i will continue to take my animals here .
the water was barely flowing .
i paired the meal with earl soup and an iced tea !
always a great place to run in and get the few items i need .
the food is very authentic and fresh .
loved it .
i could go on and on about the great experience we had with francisco .
staff is always on point .
_num_ .
i recommend them to anyone .
all in all , we were really disappointed and will not return .
filthy restrooms with no paper towels .
abandoned motel next door with its windows busted out .
it has such a homey taste and fulfilling .
everyone loved it !
it was just a very unpleasant meal .
i just spent _num_ days throwing up , diarrhea .
the quality of food at this location is much more consistent than other locations .
great doctor listens and is patient .
they do n't have a separate person working the drive through window .
we will definitely go back .
we made the right choice !
my endless pasta bowl was disgusting , i do n't know a better term .
great tour guide , deny .
phoenix az ... .
food was disgusting , raw chicken , cold and soggy .
great wings !
i 'm disappointed to say i 'll be avoiding this one for now on .
great food , great people and awesome service .
she just told me to pick something else .
this is a place that i frequent for pizza .
great store .
my standards are n't met .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
my husband purchased some of their house made hot sausage .
it 's the perfect place for a weekend breakfast .
the decor is authentic too .
i rate this a solid _num_ .
i will not recommend anyone to this location or any of their franchise period .
but i will definitely come back .
bad bed very poor sleep .
loved the results at the end !
ca n't wait to move out .
loved it .
our server christina was very attentive and on top of things .
the staff here is always very friendly and very very helpful !
do n't eat the pizza , or hang out .
waited _num_ minutes at the service desk .
great bunch of people !
do not trust the minute clinic website !
i opted for the cod .
honestly the worst service ever !
i walked in and they told me they 're closed .
i love the food it 's always the same great taste .
rude management , tasteless food , overpriced .
the cheese was barely melted and the sauce tasted store bought .
i just had a horrible experience with this location .
soooooo much good food , great coffee , and all for a decent price .
dogs were wandering all over the complex without their owners .
so they obliged and gave me another room ( pro ? )
each time i go to phoenix i will visit .
other than the food which was lacking , so was the service .
the orange chicken was barely warm .
incredible service !
this is a great place to find a new friend .
when i arrived to pick it up they did n't have it .
if i had a craving for egg rolls , i might .
what a shame !
this place 's pastrami is as amazing as anything in nyc .
the food is great .
friendly staff , and got in and out .
can never get things fixed .
horrible service .
it 's especially fun when we have people visiting from out of town .
needless to say i will not be returning !
when you pay for your order her proceeds to walk away after your change .
good breakfast friendly service reasonable prices .
pizza was disgusting .
ok , all done with red lobster for a good long while now .
i wo n't come back .
i 've been coming here for years , good service , good food .
she then blamed me !
merchandise is really outdated .
i reserved a room with _num_ double beds no smoking .
this is a great place .
the best !
the bread is fantastic .
there food is fresh and the service is great .
this is amazing '' .
very very friendly , and great service .
my dealership referred me and wow were they right .
this has to be the worst pizza hut location i have been to .
the waiter would disappear and hardly checked on us .
hopefully they will open up somewhere else , when their lease is up .
they also have wise potato chips and italian ice .
my husband and i love this place !
it 's our family 's favorite pizza !
wonderful bo@@ s@@ n@@ i@@ an food .
mmmmm authentic stuff .
she did n't greet me politely or acknowledge that i was there .
very dangerous area it is infested with scorpions .
i 'm very impressed with the level of care here !
the rest was pretty good considering time of year .
still no server at this point .
every now and then they have pretty good soup too !
like money was brought up a lot .
i was very satisfied with everything this place has to offer .
the food is consistent .
our _num_ month old had bed bugs on her .
she was not a fan of the hummus she had or the greek salad .
also the oyster beef is very good .
the tiles on the steps were cracked and missing chunks .
the food is great and very reasonably priced .
the lady really did a great job at cleaning up my toes .
i really did n't care .
unfortunately my last experience on friday was horrible !
there are no mirrors !
came very quick , with friendly service .
this was beyond unacceptable !
it simply did n't `` hit the spot '' so to speak .
great job arizona hum@@ ane society , you make arizona a better place .
the bonus is that they have wise potato chips and cannoli .
friendly staff and big selection of almost anything you want .
prices are very reasonable .
needless to say we were shocked .
i love going to places where the service is great !
great food !
i strongly suggest something ( anything ) else .
dr h is the best .
never again will i go here .
the woman owner wo n't even give me her name .
really old washers and dryers that seem to run super loudly .
there 's reasonable room to park at least just not enough of them .
this has got to be the best place in arizona .
i walked in and no one greeted us .
however , this is a school .
the inside was clean and well lit .
perfect prices and very good customer service .
the food is delicious and the staff is attentive to our needs .
new equipment has been remodeled .
no patience at all !
i was very disappointed with my manicure .
if you like olive garden this location is recommended .
it fell short of the layered , fried chicken crust this dish should have .
always having fresh bread available right away .
so much food , we had to take it home .
very disappointed .
like wtf am i going to do with cherry sauce ?
both times the bartender was too busy to take my dinner order .
my cheese for my hashbrowns was n't melted , at all .
the mango margarita is the best !
this is an awesome chinese place .
if you like these fake chinese buffets , then ignore this review .
fun older store to shop , need baby chicks ?
everything was so very salty .
they all have good quality food that makes for a good dinner .
the rest of the food there is good also and not very expensive .
stay away from this unprofessional establishment .
so far the food i have eaten here has been good !
needless to say , we all stopped eating and felt sick to our stomachs .
also the golf carts were very loud .
club west is one of my favorites in the valley .
delicious food , generous portions and good price .
thank you smile fitness , and to you dr. gordon for your response .
i do n't know how they got such good reviews .
highly recommend .
lousy service .
ahh , this place is refreshing .
all of these are tasty .
that said , the carpets were disgusting .
i never expect much from taco bell ... but wow these guys are awesome !
everything is fresh too .
highly recommended !
the people working seemed very confused making my sandwich .
here is an awesome story .
_num_ .
ken is great !
i would n't recommend this stupid place at all !
great service .
some of the language was suspect , but other than that it was great !
all i ate there was crunchy rice and soy sauce .
however i have two main complaints that result in such a low rating .
but as for my experience , this place has been really good to us .
there were extremely loud children so there 's no ambience .
we love this place .
$ _num_ for two _num_ oz steaks _num_ salad bar .
she then did not follow the comment up with a reason !
they are consistently rude and unprofessional .
no way .
i love the staff here as well .
very nice staff and extremely clean location .
they were very careful and gentle .
he does not know how to operate the business .
very rude , will not come back .
i 'm glad i got this for such a cheap price through hotwire .
went tonight on a recognition and was horribly disappointed .
wo n't be back .
i seen him interact with other tables and everyone seems very pleased .
they 've gotten my order wrong every time !
worst customer service in any target .
she takes her time and she is very nice .
too bad !
bad stink .
no refills on drinks were offered while we were there .
but on the bright side they do have hot peppers as an option .
the food is always great and a fair price .
unacceptable !
now this place sucks .
thanks .
i love the people they are always so nice !
bad business decision , in my opinion .
for that reason , i 'll likely stay away from this establishment .
if anything , she seemed annoyed that she had to correct the order .
i will not ado@@ pt from them any longer either .
i always say communication is the best way to get what you want !
tvs are now bigger and better big upgrade from when i last stayed here .
no words for this experience .
the only answer i got was prices are different after certain hours .
whatever you can imagine being bad ... it is .
the decor was a lot nicer than i was expecting too .
im a big breakfast person myself & the food definitely met my expectations !
no toppings , just soft serve vanilla ice cream .
this is easily the worst motel _num_ i have ever stayed in .
maintenance replaced the phone .
wrong !
do n't plan on finding quality product at low prices .
i gave him the same instructions on how to cut my hair like always .
i was disappointed .
i have better tacos at home using fry 's brand of taco seasoning .
this place was filthy ... everywhere , and the food was nasty looking .
very clean .
they put some hard work in keeping quite nice .
friendly waitress .
i love love love this place !
i was told the wait time would be _num_ minutes .
best deal in the whole valley .
Neutral
foods great .
looked at the bottom of container barely any sauce .
wonderful comfort food .
i did n't like his service at all .
love the design and how manicured the grounds are maintained .
employees are so rude here .
host was friendly , waiter jeremy was super nice and manager was all smiles .
the food is good with very generous portions of everything ... ... ... .
the selection was better but probably because it 's a ghost town at metro .
there is no plug for the the drain .
the pizza here was good .
his work is great and he does it for so little .
i do n't recommend .
food is very good and the service is fantastic !
awesome sandwich , with great bread .
the waitress kept checking on me en@@ suring everything was good .
also , most of the machines are taken all the time .
the next room was not under construction but clearly needed repairs .
the prices are reasonable and even better when you get their earlier .
done just right .
call the front desk and request one , this is approx .
not smart and maybe not final .
this was the most disgusting place i 've stayed in a long time .
i 've gone with my mother to buy appliances here .
best service i have ever gotten at this olive garden .
i 'm pretty sure you 'll walk out of there sick !
needless to say we spent too much money for a not very satisfying meal .
highly recommended .
they did a great job !
love trying local places so we stopped in .
i love the joint .
great little chinese food place in our neighborhood with decent prices .
pretty decent and very good , fast service .
excellent , inexpensive chinese food buffet .
great atmosphere .
i once tried the spicy beef with mushrooms ... delicious .
what different oil choices do i have ?
bathrooms were disgusting .
last i checked _num_ minutes was _num_ hour and _num_ minutes .
their pizza is excellent but it is the wings that keep me coming back !
always fast and just as good as the first time !
this place was like a ghost town and no one could even acknowledge us .
the pizza and the wings were n't all that good either .
they are very friendly and meticulous .
great prices , good service , and food .
the assistant manager jose is great as well .
nice to have a change taste in an area stuffed with mexican restaurants .
everyone in the salon is amazing !
best pork fried rice ever .
drove away , got on freeway headed out of town .
they give you a short wait time , but did n't deliver .
the food is great .
i really appreciate it .
service was good , food was pretty good , price was reasonable .
nothing bad ; but nothing exciting either .
our waitress was so southern and charming .
i love the consistency .
i liked the food and service .
i 'll definitely go back !
egg drop soup very salty but good and the egg roll was crispy .
i personally like the pork or combo fried rice the best .
great food .
only reason i gave them _num_ star is because i had to .
ultimately , it felt like being in a factory .
serve it with a limp iceberg and a bland dressing , that 's how .
miles were good and were good buys .
so he offered to replace the _num_ piece white with _num_ dark meat choices .
goodbye macayo 's , you will be missed .
i would stay away from this restaurant .
drink was served in a cheap plastic cup .
i had one cat , and i liked her a lot .
had to stop for breakfast and used the drive through .
i definitely recommend this location .
little dragon is a family owned restaurant and they are always nice .
i immediately stopped eating and threw it in the trash and left disgusted .
not so good .
excellent customer service .
it 's the tortilla ... the tortilla is just perfect .
also it was nice that it 's located next to the ghost town .
four stars for good service .
wow !
the same day service is convenient .
the place in general was not clean .
it is very healthy and it tastes wonderful .
keep up the good work .
the have good sports , great music and cheap beer !
highly recommend to anyone who 's not afraid to try something new .
why am i still surprised when companies are unethical and dishonest ?
promised glasses would be ready for pickup within _num_ to _num_ business days .
amazing milk !
this is my second trip to this place and both wee bad experiences .
the buns are really good , high quality .
_num_ .
my son 's smothered steak was da bomb !
i will be back !
the staff went above and beyond and were actually pleasant .
for the quality and size of food , great priced !
sammy is my normal barber but he messed my hair up horribly yesterday .
great job !
this restaurant was very disappointing .
so so good ... the food is of great quality and prices are reasonable .
if you ask after they give you your bag they get all mad .
really friendly staff too !
the menu has nothing healthy on it .
i had an absolutely great ceviche and some bomb ass oysters !
someone did n't clean the place thoroughly .
its all thrown in in a hurry .
they toasted my bread and popped the corned beef in the microwave .
great people !
excellent ny style pizza !
it was worth the drive .
two other customers had incorrect orders at the same time too .
no complaints perfect for price !
excellent chinese food , great service and friendly staff .
he 's great , energetic , and makes sure our food is perfect .
the cheese bread was yummy as well !
they are never apologetic for this by the way .
he not only has fair prices he also stands behind his work .
amazing little family owned place !
get a life , worse pizza in town !
bit pricey but it 's well worth it .
love , love , love ... .
great place fresh food and staff it 's always friendly .
definitely recommend it .
my favorite fast food restaurant of all time .
i love this place !
great customer service .
there was no chicken on the inside .
wonderful people , cause and place !
we were delighted with our choice .
no one has chow mien as good as may garden 's !
francisco was very professional and really helpful .
they do n't take care of their comics .
they have the best chinese food in the valley , much better than pf .
our waitress was very nice , personable , and checked on us often !
horrible customer service .
i finally found a church that fits my daughter , and myself .
worst hotel experience ever .
i had to tell one of the managers but they did n't care .
went for an hour , will definitely come back for more fun !
best wings in arizona .
luckily no one here cares that they serve you horrible food .
the food was cold and did not meet expectations .
great place for family dining .
it 's not good here .
pastor joe and pastor fred deliver powerful messages .
food is always good .
Negative
definitely recommend to friends and family .
i fell instantly in love with the atmosphere and the service was really great .
i was disappointed to see the prior yelp page removed - why ?
not cuz of the hair but because of the mediocre food .
poor customer service .
the price point was great for someone like me that eats out al@@ lot .
not a big fan .
the price is right too .
it is a nice little place to come to for lunch .
the customer service there was awful .
their restaurant at this location was extremely clean .
we waited _num_ minutes we were not even offered any water or anything .
i was so stoked to find a place near me , with good reviews .
we still had to wait longer than our scheduled pick up time .
this is the third time in a row , we will not be returning !
she just was n't good with people .
very reasonable prices and all the food has great flavor .
i , along with a couple of friends visited this place last friday night .
at the very best it should have been under $ _num_ for it all .
- great prices .
my husband has had problems with this location too .
kind of pricy but worth it .
and the turkish coffee is all about the good feels ; so damn tasty .
bomb wings but slow service .
my family of _num_ will not be returning .
not be racist but are they trying to hire any whites any time soon ?
my partner thought it too sour .
the food has never been much more than convenient .
_num_ .
the receptionist threw me serious shade .
for some reason , my room had some strawberry jelly all over the place .
got a groupon deal that said i would get a synthetic blend oil change .
i lost my appetite .
plain and simple .
wonderful meal !
the lemonade tasted like dirt .
not the best mexican resturant we 've been to , but it 's cheap !
do n't eat here .
if you go in talk to jerry .
the cafe is really cute inside .
flat out stinks , as in smells bad .
the best part is definitely the bread .
oh yeah !
excellent chinese food !
do n't give them your business .
for an actual cheaper price and better quality macayos delivered !
my man did n't even finish his good and that never happens .
this place has the best pizza dough and great customer service .
thanks guys !
service is always spot on too .
i ca n't see what other people see in this place .
the green salsa is amazing !
anyhow , i think there are probably better places to eat in the area .
like they do n't give a crap .
wi-fi did n't work either .
i bought some _num_ % and it 's really good fresh local milk .
i would definitely go back and would recommend everyone to try it !
eat here occasionally , good food choices for everyone .
food was so bad we left without eating .
always greeted as if they are happy we are here .
that watery vinegar they give at the drive through is less than spectacular .
would definitely recommend .
delicious subs i will be back again and again .
all over , the ambiance was pleasant .
it tastes bland .
their food was just amazing .
finally they said it 'll be ready in _num_ mins .
i gave them a call and never answered .
the work these people do are absolutely incredible .
that 's pretty ridiculous .
nothing special .
it was _num_ degrees today .
friendly service , great food !
liked it .
biggest egg rolls i 've ever seen and they are extremely delish !
all in all ... we will not be coming back .
i do n't know how else to put it .
everything tasted great and we were all very satisfied with the food and service .
that should have been washed properly , someone could get sick .
perfect for my needs .
sorry but extremely pissed at them and will never be back !
i gave my friend money to purchase me food for lunch .
yelp is my review , my story , and my life .
ca n't get basic orders correct .
bad bad bad !
awesome authentic bo@@ s@@ n@@ i@@ an food in a totally unexpected location .
lady was really rude .
i 've had better from other greasy spoon diners and brunch places in california .
i have been there twice and the food was plentiful and oh so fresh .
doctor said that i had food poisoning from poorly maintained meat .
fresh donuts , clean and fast .
the greens are too hard and do n't hold approach shots .
would recommend to anyone .
the orange chicken , sesame chicken and fried rice are very good as well .
after he had just patiently stood there waiting for her for over _num_ minutes .
i would give this place a negative score if possible .
but i should have gone to a real salon .
of course , i called management and they said they would security immediately .
it always feels crowded .
cons : the first room they put me in stunk of cat urine !
excellent traditional eastern european food .
sweet and sour pork is my favorite .
my second visit just got worse .
best pediatrician in town !
i am definitely a fan .
they have several really great salsas .
no mashed potatoes .
good food speaks for itself and i respect that !
the animals seemed very happy and well taken care of .
the arizona hum@@ ane society is a world class organization .
he is the best !
i had a friendly experience .
staff is always friendly .
this place does n't deserve any stars their customer service is horrible !
it 's super easy to order , fast and convenient .
this place gave me the best head of my life .
this one is trashy !
i asked them to make me a custom veggie burro and it was wonderful .
i brought my friends to try something different and we left happy .
these people are complete idiots .
this guy makes a great pie .
wow , what a great track .
nice atmosphere .
this place is horrible , ca n't even finish my lunch .
i visit phoenix quite a bit and i always have to eat here .
skip skip skip it .
they would n't remove it from our bill nor offer any discounts .
the dough for the pizza has lost it taste and texture .
that 's too bad .
zero customers , food took forever .
the food was disgusting and gross .
good self service area and great automatic area .
we gave up on getting him off our backs and walked out without ordering .
but i have to get this off my chest .
the fried rice was great .
the customer service is none the girls and the cook are rude .
i got sucked in .
i have always found the staff very helpful .
no bed bugs in my room though !
it seemed gross and chewy .
great pizza !
avoid coming to this ghetto target !
the grocery prices are excellent !
this was great food !
i tried a side of cole slaw and it seemed very processed .
chicken special is the best !
not going to bother having another sent out because we 're so hungry .
the food for the most part is quite good .
such a charming and quaint interior with very modest costs for food .
the gentleman behind the counter was very friendly and helpful .
i do n't like big brother hovering over my shoulder .
what a great place !
place gets extremely loud , but what do you expect at texas roadhouse .
will definitely be back .
i say again , do n't ever ever ever ever stay at this hotel !
awesome place !
super cool .
i always love this place .
they know their stuff about the horses and the area and they 're authentic .
no wonder the place was empty .
this is a step above what i was expecting .
i love this location !
let alone the store manager was snotty and rude !
unhappy and unsatisfied .
i am not exaggerating .
we will definitely visit this location again .
the mongolian beef was amazing , orange chicken tasty and crunchy .
managers name is allen wear .
customer service is n't good .
good food for the price .
friendly device , great food , and nice background music !
this is the best chinese food i have tasted in a long time .
overall awesome service !
take out is great and i would recommend getting take out there .
i was totally disappointed with this place .
i 'm usually a big fan of olive garden .
it was great .
one of ralph 's trucks now stops by my office location in tempe .
great wall buffet is an excellent value !
can never get things fixed .
it would have been fine or i would have went else where .
i do n't want to spend 10-15 additional minutes of my lunch hour waiting .
it 's a beautiful location with a real focus on animals of all kinds .
worse than the super _num_ on chandler .
this would have been the second time the tried to double charge me .
they make the best `` house fried rice '' that i know of .
dennis offers the best diamonds , excellent design recommendations , and top workmanship .
i would definitely come back and i would recommend it to family and friends !
this place has amazing food its sooo good !
we truly enjoy this church because it makes us feel part of the community .
the service at brothers has always been prompt and friendly .
the food was also good .
the chicken was sliced , grilled , and tasted like it was microwaved .
worship is awesome and followed by a great message .
this restaurant is the best kept secret in all of phoenix .
the owner and nail tech who attended me and did my pedicure were lovely !
the owner wo n't return calls and the staff wo n't help .
i got what i wanted for a good price .
no apologies , nothing .
thank you for making us feel welcome , tina !
fast , healthy , consistent , quality !
ca n't even supply their shoppers with shopping carts .
everything i have had on their menu is delicious .
i hate it .
would n't recommend this dentist to anyone .
dr ho is the best dr i could have asked for .
i am also happy they are taking credit cards now now .
the room is simple with a small electric stove , sink , and microwave .
beside that great food .
i have never had a regular cleaning only take _num_ minutes .
i do n't know , though , just my opinion .
sparkling clean counters , and a friendly greeting .
old school deli that has amazing food .
not advertised as a special , just a normal item .
the steak special and chicken parmesan are our favorites .
i am so disappointed , i feel cheated .
some basic math and people skills would make the customer experience a lot better !
customer service area sucks .
after all , i am the customer .
turns out the hours posted are not their hours of service .
this particular location has excellent customer service .
a year later it fried again .
no go !
i was disappointed that our pizza did n't have that this time .
everything was great and went well .
well worth the trip .
hands down one of the best places around .
she was amazing !
it was very busy .
the service was fantastic .
this place has awesome sea food my favorite are the breaded shrimp .
great customer service .
the pedicure at most lasted _num_ mins .
i then asked how long it would take was quoted _num_ hours .
i give them a _num_ because the food is delicious !
but they wo n't be getting any further business from me .
it 's a favorite for my family !
this place is awful !
i totally agree but the way he said it was very arrogant .
plus gum on the arm of the chair ( gross ) oh and chips .
kung delight thumbs up .
i liked it and will go again .
our group of four had a great ride with our guide , travis .
thanks , motel _num_ for leaving the light on .
the greens were barely being watered .
the beer is still cold and good .
good drive through with fast service .
no one should have to wait _num_ 1/2 hours to complete a vet exam .
i ca n't wait to get rid of sprint because of this !
very good food !
if it was possible i would give it a negative star .
the chicken egg foo young was ok .
actually , this location ( campus for compassion ) is truly magnificent .
windows have n't been cleaned in years you can see scum on them .
places like this are rare these days .
love the food kitchen !
not joking _num_ freakin minutes i was in there and i was gone .
wo n't be back .
overall , i was not impressed and regret going .
i will definitely return with my volkswagen for future service and repair .
poor customer service .
they are very nice and easy to deal with .
_num_ .
the dish was very bland .
the foot locker there has really good service .
dine in experience is always pleasant and service is great .
as im using the restroom one of the workers com in to clean .
the cheesy bread was cheesy , crappy , and salty all rolled into one .
it was a thick burger smothered with salty onions , mushrooms & cheese .
seriously a good place .
i ordered a large pepperoni for $ _num_ .
i highly recommend this place and will absolutely be back .
true authentic italian deli .
i 've recommended many people to them and everyone is always happy .
is only about _num_ bucks .
the worse service ever !
gross .
also the shower had no hot water and no water pressure .
without a doubt the best milk i have ever had .
if i could give _num_ stars i would .
the star is for me and my seasoning additions !
after _num_ minutes , the call was dropped .
what a hidden gem !
will continue to go here for my chickens needs .
the delivery was fast and the pizza was perfect !
it has n't been for quite a few years .
use that gift card for your movie tickets .
this place has the best ceviche i 've ever had in my life !
warm welcoming people with great view !
i love kfc , but this location is horrible .
the buildings are semi quiet , ca n't complain about that .
beautiful selections .
the place is also nice and clean .
now pizza is beyond awful and wings are down there with its level .
the place is definitely divey , but it was pretty spotless .
definitely _num_ % delicious .
buyer beware , you buy as is .
my wife and i thought the sauce tasted more like ketchup than pizza sauce .
awesome happy hour too !
they just out some on top .
they absolutely have the best kung pao ever !
i love the soup .
the water tastes like it from the river and the food is excellent .
i love that their veggies in any of their plates are always crunchy .
there were no one playing , no one .
i ca n't believe that i just paid $ _num_ for her groom .
these guys are great !
this pharmacy is awful .
this place was such an amazing little find !
the staff is friendly and give wonderful service .
she handed me the mirror and said `` what do you think ? ''
in a city with a million bars do n't waste your cash here .
i wo n't be stopping there again .
i 'm pissed because good customer service would have been .
wait lets not talk about it !
the meat was like a lunch meat instead of real sliced deli beef .
their cookies are tasty too .
but no one told me !
i love the pizza and the wings !
i love cherry and vanilla flavors and always add one to my drink .
do n't bother to remember this place .
great value .
otherwise it would get zero stars from me .
sauce tastes old and left over .
there is trash and food all over it .
i 'm glad i found it .
the deli is great , good fresh bread & meat .
i love this place !
always delicious .
best hot wings !
excellent service and very rich - authentic food .
does n't offer and soy sauce or anything else .
the best wings in phoenix .
member services ... is slow !
my boyfriend got orange chicken and teriyaki chicken so we could share everything .
i would highly recommend ya 'll to check this place out !
i fell in love with the bagels !
the carne was flavorless and the fries were cold and mushy .
love this place !
it 's small but food is awesome for the price .
i ordered a crispy chicken classic with fries and headed back to work .
_num_ .
it has been very educational and insightful .
best service ever !
it was a beautiful building .
yummy , yummy rolls !
our waiter was helpful and friendly .
hot tea is served free of charge and it is delicious .
i 'm so happy i found him .
i ca n't do that .
true italian food ... no one i 've been there with has been disappointed .
very limited choices in regards to meat , vegetables , and sauces .
we get back home and the order was wrong .
the waitress just left the mess she made for is to clean up .
worst delivery ever .
the sandwiches were not good at all .
very happy with the service and product .
omg i 'm hooked .
terrible .
i was impressed when i saw how good a job they did .
but why would i , i did n't suspect them .
the staff at this location are phenomenal .
amazing selection and very nice people .
the staff are very friendly and happy to explain the different dishes .
will continue shopping here !
good quality for the price .
service was alright but the food was terrible .
i found it here with the _num_ '' super sub !
no pay at pump .
great service , even better food .
great bedside manner .
very friendly people !
its that good !
my wife and i love this place .
highly recommend !
love their seafood soup .
the sight of the food was just completely unappealing .
very excited to finally wear my watch .
we both were so impressed , we are planning to be frequent visitors here !
they were out of mushrooms , so i expected more veggies on it .
staff is the best !
_num_ $ bucks !
this was perfect .
the point of having a _num_ hour location is for convenience .
i guess everyone is so used to their mcdonalds and microwave dinners .
the gal there was very friendly , i had a lovely moscato sangria .
he is honest and practical .
informed the driver thru person and obviously did n't care .
my first time and i have to say i 'm impressed !
customer service was excellent .
the portion size is amazing .
the sandwiches are great for eating in .
the food looked old , the lettuce wilted , it just looked gross .
_num_ hours after we ordered they want to know where to take the pizza .
everytime i come to this particular subway i remember why i avoid this one .
olive garden is olive garden .
horrible service !
we stopped by the drive thru sunday morning to pick up two breakfast burritos .
walk up menu and salsa bar for lunch only .
do not get tamales with baja sauce ... it 's mush .
he was always reassuring me while in the chair .
the service is pretty good , even at busy times .
meaning mexican style fajita cooking .
girl is yelling in the background `` that 's what she ordered ! ''
they lost touch and do n't know how to deal with the living !
breakfast was good enough .
but she said unfortunately they had no more sauce ?
this is definitely a place that listens to the customers request .
this was the worst one i 've ever been to !
my husband and i went to dq and we went through the drive through .
i will definitely be going back .
waited _num_ minutes just for bread .
they have great lunch specials worth every last penny .
the staff is really friendly .
do n't go back to baskin and robbins !
_num_ .
the comforter looked _num_ years old and had holes !
they go out of their way to assure that they are providing good service .
the prices are very reasonable .
im pissed !
the food and service were outstanding !
for a first-time riding experience , this was great .
no napkins in main lobby .
i really appreciate them .
this place was by far the worst .
these people were excellent .
everything was incredible , fresh and authentic .
they came off very honest and genuine , i 'll always be a customer !
service was great too !
take out dinner for four cost $ _num_ ... $ _num_ !
so i been looking for a year .
i called to help one of my employees get an apartment today .
he did n't care that my daughter had gotten sick .
great service , speedy , and the food is very delicious .
this is the best barber shop in phoenix .
the bread was amazing and the turkish coffee was out of this world .
the crew and office staff were so nice !
also , the noodles were halfway over cooked .
then someone suggested leaving a yelp review , so here i am .
a good , safe bet for chinese food .
service - top notch .
have been coming here for years definitely love this place .
they keep excellent medical records on each animal that comes through their system .
love this place !
the front end did begin to drag and we told him so .
not the best area , but worth the trip !
having to wait a long time for just my drink .
but it reminds me off chinese food prepared for a mexican clientele .
even when they about and should be trying to get rid of their food .
my kids love coming here .
but i love their food , especially their thai noodles .
we leave and walk the mall .
i declined the box and left my leftovers at the restaurant .
our waitress , andrea , was nice , though quite rushed .
well , no kidding !
being female and knew the price was very accurate .
thank you yelp !
our move was a nightmare was the start .
which made me just lose my appetite all together !
no problem , i 'll take my business somewhere else .
i ended up waiting almost _num_ mins which was inconvenient .
the place is nicely decorated , clean , and cozy .
i will not be returning to this location .
the costumer service was excellent and the food was pretty good and good price !
the food was amazing .
ordered our food.
really , that 's not too much to change , right ?
great staff - funny old timer men sitting at the bar .
tip to all the panda express managers .
i 'm only giving one star because i ca n't give zero .
the bathrooms were very clean and the booth we were in was comfortable .
i felt bad for the owners of this arizona staple .
horrible experience with the bakery !
i feel like sleeping on a park bench would have satisfied me more !
man , was he rude .
yes it 's located in the `` ghetto '' , but it 's delicious .
finally , we were pressured to donate our relatives body to medical research .
like i said , i did my homework .
i love this place !
it was that bad .
i would n't refer anyone to use this company .
the waiting time is just ridiculous .
i got the wings and they did n't disappoint .
this place is awesome .
making my wings get cold as i waited for the pizza to get done .
great bang for your buck .
this hotel sucks .
avoid this location .
i said , i 'm sorry , i did n't see any signs .
friendly service , delicious entrees = heaven !
its a great course , some beautiful views and amazing holes .
slow service , mediocre mexican food .
service is n't good .
the staff is super friendly , and eager to serve !
delivery man was very friendly .
great guy and great service .
so when i come to arizona it 's nice to get my quick fix .
so disappointed , most likely wo n't be returning .
no problem with the actual care at the facility .
the arizona hum@@ ane society 's campus for compassion is a fantastic animal shelter .
pumps and bathrooms are always dirty .
thanks for sharing the graduation event and thanks for the hospitality .
very good , highly recommend to friends and family .
the bread with the cinnamon butter was interesting .
i 'll be a happy customer for life !
disgusting .
not a great selection , but cheaper than sweet tomato .
come on people , the is the usa and thats coming from a hispanic !
the quality and quantity of food is exceptional .
love the floor plans and all the space even for a one bedroom !
even the manager i spoke to was n't up to par .
it was disgusting .
well that 's a load of horse $ h !
will not be eating little caesars ever again .
it was our first time at red lobster , and probably our last .
she did n't even bother to come over my way .
i was very disappointed .
i love their green chili burger , fries with gravy and sweet tea .
i do n't care if it 's only $ _num_ .
but do n't risk the car running out of gas to come here .
do not trust these people , and also rude .
i love mexican food and was craving rolled tacos with guacamole and chicken chimichanga .
the staff is always friendly and professional .
i have played this course several times and i really enjoy it .
i clearly ordered the special when i walked in .
the grooming salon is fantastic .
i love there food .
the horses were great .
love it !
i love the bar .
it was fantastic !
i have never not had to wait in a 10+ minute wait line .
the front office staff has a friendly and helpful attitude .
from the outside it looks suspect , but its nice inside .
the staff was friendly and always came by to check if everything was good .
the menu is short and everything will be good .
i will not be coming back to this one .
in sum , a very bad experience .
which i expected , i have been to corporate vets before .
i want my old lenny 's back .
great food , even better service !
fortunately , there was a ross store down the street .
whose **** do i need to suck to get a drink around here ?
when you 're passing through town , get thee to the grocery .
the upside down blizzard was water down .
the employees were very helpful and polite , and i felt very welcome .
i wish i would have gone with them !
people working are nice as well .
it has beautiful scenery with spectacular views of south mountain as well as ahwatukee .
its great service and great steaks .
granted it was busy .
i pushed ignore .
very clean place too !
no green grass at all .
i love it !
the people are really nice too .
i did n't eat much of it .
especially kayla in grooming !
but yesterday was a disaster .
cool .
the experience was awful and they should have more caring people handling our requests .
she became defensive .
best place for pizza on the west side in my opinion .
may i recommend the apricot chicken or mixed grill ?
i 'm never going there again .
everyone is friendly .
great value and super good food .
this place is awsome !
positive experience all around !
great place !
it was inedible .
the service was friendly and the food was n't very expensive .
both excellent with the homemade bread .
unfortunately we will never make the mistakes of going to this location again !
mimi does an amazing job every single time .
the noodles are amazing had for the first time with my girlfriend .
he fully explained my new family plan and how to use my iphone .
the servers were very friendly and efficient .
do n't even hang out in the parking lot .
great ambiance !
it added unfortunate stress to an already stressful day .
not by a long shot !
customer service sucks .
he stated things like i could n't afford `` quality gyms '' .
Neutral
is it too much to ask for a courtesy call ?
zero stars !
he is the best in the valley !
none of the _num_ employees in the kitchen acknowledged me .
do not trust these people with your card !
fun adventure .
nice selection .
and left , never to return .
they have a good selection and prices are decent .
loved it !
i highly recommend this location !
this made us a little uncomfortable .
the service is always great and the people are quite nice .
my son worked there and worked with the greatest people .
first off the customer service was terrible .
i love the meats and cheeses and the atmosphere .
food was quick and delicious .
they have some good carne asada and amazing rolled tacos .
staff was very friendly .
# _num_ missing light bulbs in the light fixtures # _num_ .
poor service .
_num_ hour wait just for them to bullshit us !
they were great .
and the exterior is just as bad .
highly recommended .
i 'll definitely be back .
this place knows how to cook and has great customer service .
the meat is always very fresh .
man this place used to be great .
great food !
for the price , i did n't expect much .
my favorite was the hot dog , and dont expect your traditional hot dog .
i 'm truly blessed to be part of this church .
its not some fancy restaurant , but its the best .
the hot sauce is even better !
full house all services , pastor joe hit the nail on the head .
if you like that kinda white trash thing go ahead .
it 's perfect .
service - sketchy ... um appetizers are served before the entree not after .
we had the most amazing dining experience here all because of our server andy !
i have been a loyal big o customer for many years .
this is what seems to be a family run and very authentic place .
this seems to be a trend among courses that i do n't like .
amazing food !
a wonderful place to start your family in walking the lord .
this is a warning : do n't go there !
this place is consistently bad .
it makes me never want to buy furniture again .
trying to get in and out is a constant challenge .
basic good food for breakfast .
no silverware .
they are always perfect !
_num_ stars to rob and his family !
best place for eyebrows !
great customer service and prices .
a little over an hour wasted sitting waiting ... absolutely horrible customer service .
the food is basically the same , with some new items to me .
loved the prices and being able to walk out to my yard .
the crust on a frozen pizza was better than the crust on this one .
all of it was great .
best place in phx .
all city towing is a great company .
2nd trip to this shop and still amazing service !
good food .
i was told because the neighborhood is bad .
everyone has always been welcoming and the services is always quick and helpful .
looks scary from the outside , but it is good !
overall would never visit that location again and would n't advise you to either .
the staff is great !
when we received our order of wings , they were cold .
this restaurant is just amazing .
you should do your best to avoid this wal-mart .
food made to order , fresh ingredients , friendly staff and fair prices !
the place was n't even busy at this time .
the soup was delicious and the beef was perfectly tender .
she just is n't thorough .
but the best part of this visit were the tortas themselves .
excellent place .
great prices .
they need table cloths , spotless glasses , uniforms , and managing .
this kung pao chicken is garbage .
thanks _num_ star for that .
one of my favorite quick stops in phoenix !
this place is horrible !
amazing sauce and really awesome pizza !
the burritos are huge and can be easily shared by two people .
i 've stayed at other super _num_ before and it was n't like this .
over cooked and disgusting .
i had to get off freeway and return them .
the mac n cheese was almost gone .
the steak was seriously one of the best steaks ive had .
i recently went in to a wal-mart establishment in phoenix az store # _num_ .
this is the best dental office i have ever been to .
terrible service .
in addition to being wrong , the food was absolutely disgusting .
i would avoid this place as their diagnostic skills are pathetic .
i highly recommend that you never go here unless you want to get frustrated .
for app , we got the stuffed mushrooms with shrimp and lobster .
not only is customer service great but the arcade games !
the new restaurant is quite good .
it had very little sauce and very little cheese .
who does n't want to savor every minute of their lunch hour ?
the course conditions very nice especially with the new greens and tee boxes .
the hygienists are also exceptional !
there was no sign or anything to say i could n't park there .
the food was excellent - wor wonton soup with noodles and singapore rice noodles .
messages that a young couple with kids can re@@ late to .
this place is for the cheap and dirty sort .
consistent & efficient .
do not move here !
my husband and i came here because we were missing the seafood back home .
horrible service !
this is the inventory that no one wanted .
worth the price thats for sure .
the hot wings are outstanding .
i was extremely disappointed with our experience .
entirely way too long .
cheap and delicious !
i keep coming here for the best chinese food with good portions .
i would totally recommend this location and i will be returning !
if i could give it zero stars , i would .
and like i said we always enjoy coming here .
i would have been better off at kfc .
they have great sweet treats and their subs are awesome .
and the service is also great every time i come here .
she was super friendly and was on top of everything .
the customer service is horrible .
our wait for food was _num_ minutes -- no joke .
if your looking for authentic chinese food , this is the place !
employees were friendly and quick with the orders .
i recommend this organization to everyone i know .
my pillow case had a burned hole in it .
i tried to complain and the chick acted like she did n't speak english .
the elevator button was missing for a bit on the third floor .
completely flavorless in my opinion .
okay !
i would n't recommend this place to anyone .
service is great !
he always knows the secrets .
so in conclusion , this store ... do n't , just ... do n't .
no `` here you go ! ''
this place is amazing .
stick to the wings and you 'll be okay .
several trays were empty , and were not refilled .
the fries were hot and fresh and service was great too .
so worth it !
the bread was amazing and the turkish coffee was out of this world .
they were a soggy , greasy , tasteless mess .
_num_ .
these guys do a great job for $ _num_ .
they did , and the pastries were delicious .
the restrooms did n't work , toilet paper everywhere .
wow , what wonderful food !
place is decent sized not too packed and always clean .
it 's definitely one of the best around the area !
this sonic is good .
great customer service !
they were naturally cold so we asked for something a little fresher .
my family loves this place !
very very disappointing .
my husband is from wisconsin and he gives this dairy _num_ thumbs up !
the customer service was very lousy today .
what an amazing restaurant !
we did n't have to wait very long before our meal was delivered .
it was weird .
very friendly service and atmosphere !
wish i could give them zero stars .
_num_ .
bad bad bad service !
service , adequate ; food , tasty .
left them a voicemail and never returned my call .
bad customer service .
that 's not my problem !
good wings and good burgers !
the customer service is usually awful and the cashier lines are rarely ever open .
we waited _num_ minutes while multiple workers walked by before someone would help us .
very good food .
highly recommended !
that was definitely a nice touch .
got home , opened the package and found i actually got what i ordered .
what a horrible experience !
fried shrimp was over cooked .
the staff is friendly and helpful and the deals are great .
slow slow slow !
the potatoes were cold and so was the macaroni and cheese .
the worst customer service ever !
the food was good and full of flavor .
i 'd recommend this place for sure .
terrible .
i would never take my jewelry here again .
the price is good .
i am so excited to be able to have our granddaughter experience real milk .
i 'm not going back there next time .
service from _num_ to noon is great.
disgusting !
definitely the place to go for great food from back east .
i hate to give them just _num_ star .
worth checking out if you are on that side of town .
what a great memory .
good selection of doughnuts and always fresh .
and the cashier was a complete bitch .
i did n't bother to shower there .
i was left with seafood salad and coleslaw .
we love our new puppy !
two thumbs down .
love the beverage choices too !
if i ever come to phoenix to visit i will not be staying here .
for being in a pinch they really were the best .
they have _num_ kinds of salsas and i really enjoyed the green one best .
got ripped off big time .
great food .
not to mention , they messed up on my dad 's order .
this means for over a month i will have no refrigerator .
the meats looked like frozen , rolled up lunch meat .
very friendly environment !
horrible service .
amazing pastries !
the pizza was great and the wings were the best i 've ever had .
not very tasty , not authentic sopapillas .
any two different items _num_ .
i ordered pizza hut the next time i wanted pizza .
one of the best steaks i 've ever had .
!
highly recommend this shop .
this place is worse than a prison !
the front desk never called to check if the situation had been resolved .
glad they stayed consistent .
rude .
i really like this snack truck .
thank you to tony and the staff for the exceptional service we got .
the best pizza in the phoenix area ... .
they are charging _num_ a bottle .
do n't come here without expecting do wait over _num_ mins .
it 's just too weird .
i recently moved in the area and was looking for a good sub shop .
never again after that have i ate there .
she did n't file my nails nor even clean them out .
i am absolutely disgusted with this store .
perfect for spring training also had lots of fun .
not impressed .
while i was eating , a coach roach ran across my table !
_num_ .
staff is always smiling and very courteous !
they treat you like family .
i will eat there again .
i love everything about it .
what a great pet i got .
this company is amazing .
please do n't stay here .
the food is amazing .
assuming that they had it on file , i didnt even ask .
i assure you , i have no problem paying my way .
as soon as you walk in , you feel welcomed and right at home .
this is a great company to work with .
i am not a fan of milk , but love this milk .
then i get up to the register .
i would give this _num_ stars if possible .
he fixed them perfectly .
i just had the worst experience ever .
the service was also very friendly .
this place has horrible customer service .
it was like our couch was made from three leftover pieces they had .
i devoured the food .
my family will continue to support the hum@@ ane society for the years to come .
the only thing worse than the room was the staff .
great experience !
establishment was very clean .
it was bad .
everyone i know says it 's great too , so it 's that good .
we both had the shrimp trio and we got a cheesecake to go .
the staff were so kind , helpful and encouraging .
horrible system with seating .
great family owned restaurant .
and the service is always friendly .
after _num_ of these i was going a little insane .
bad service .
the place is not fancy but they do a great job .
spicy !
just uncomfortable .
it is simply awful .
my food experience was just so strange and terrible at the same time .
no flavor .
egg roll was crispy and delicious .
the crust is awesome .
the stink when i opened the door to my room was really awful .
fuck this place and their lack of white chicken and corn .
absolutely the best .
we also had turkish coffee ... it blew my mind .
has a very fresh feel .
price is very reasonable , you get a lot of food .
authentic dishes .
they were quick , affordable , and honest !
the repair was made and the fridge stopped working the same night .
absolutely love this place .
the food is delicious , fresh , and obviously authentic .
even with my custom orders everything is always perfect .
the service sucked starting from the second we walked in the door .
everything was excellent ; however , the egg rolls were primarily cabbage .
the cashier do n't understand you and the order was messed up .
any problem i 've had has been fixed the next day which is amazing !
their pineapple was bad .
i will never set foot inside another macayo 's again .
the orange chicken was not good .
i really like that they will customize your food to how spicy you want .
they have great customer service , and are great to call in an order .
closest one to our house .
he is an amazing dentist .
the fiesta potatoes are never cooked all the way through .
will not be back ever and filed a complaint !
gravy and side of corn were so salty it ruined the meal .
i had the best customer service from francisco tonight !
it 's worth the drive .
night was ruined before i got my food .
only wish i could have given them _num_ stars .
no service !
if you want a great breakfast in a comfy place .
when i took my first bite i was brought back to so many memories .
just gross .
i 'm glad i have a place to eat some good breakfast burritos !
i would not recommend this salon , nor will i be returning .
it 's a fun place with old arcade games and lots of seating .
horrible wont ever go back .
_num_ .
also , the dinner salad is good but pricey .
i usually find some really good deals .
will definitely be back .
big mistake .
i love waffle house !
awesome service .
i took one bite and could n't eat anymore .
will definitely have to go back just for the steak .
as for my food it always taste good !
these boys always treat me well and respectful .
not a good experience maybe a bad night for them ?
ho was great and really helped my wife and i thought a difficult time .
horrible gym and service !
i have always received excellent service at this denny 's .
not thrilled with this place , probably wo n't come here again .
here , this dish is bland , tasteless and has little to no seasonings .
anyway , the service lacked in every way .
so friendly helpful !
i would recommend this place to anybody who loves pizza .
i washed my hands and there were no paper towels .
it never fails .
i 've had nothing but bad experiences with then .
first off we were treated rudely over the drive thru order radio .
i asked them how long it would take ryan told me _num_ mins .
well it does n't .
the food was very good .
love their pizza and wing special .
rude .
no problem right stuff happens .
we stay at motel _num_ a lot , but this is the worst .
i would give this place negative stars if i could .
i was sadly disappointed .
it took us about _num_ min to get the foods on the table .
ordered the brothers special sicilian .
kid friendly as well .
good portion of food and food is hot .
it 's so clean , so bright , so happy !
good beer selection .
i am not sure what was worse ... the food or the employees .
great local business , the food is always great .
gross gross gross !
his front office staff are all friendly and accommodating .
stay away from here as i will !
my boyfriend got the enchilada sampler which was amazing !
the employees at this service station truly care about there customers .
great place !
this was pretty neat to me .
their old style recipe and cooking process makes for a wonderful pizza experience .
the food came quick and was really good .
she brought me my drink , minus the straw .
the food is fantastic and very reasonably priced .
both are good and usually can feed 3-4 people if portioned properly .
when we received our order it was missing country gravy on both our hashbrowns .
so sad .
so me and the wife went here _num_ weeks ago .
fantastic customer service and smiles .
i need to cancel my membership and ask for my money back .
that is so great i think .
the deli and prepared food area smells bad .
this place when using their coupon is an amazing value .
do not go here .
total wait after that contact was _num_ minutes .
this place is no joke , awesome food and service .
my favorite grocery store by far !
thanks eddie and party city .
the staff is extremely friendly and helpful .
worst truck wash i ever get .
love this place .
the store is very busy from 8am to about 10pm at night .
$ _num_ wi-fi charge .
great pizza much like the east coast pizza shops .
their food was delicious .
har@@ old came as a recommendation from my regular mechanic .
they keep messing up orders .
i get the best service and friendly attitudes when i visit in the morning .
the office never answers their phone and does n't return any messages .
very great sandwiches esp .
when she returns to work i realize they gave me chicken and shrimp .
as such , the quality and consistency of the services are not reliable .
excellent tortas served with homemade potato chips .
very sad .
we received the best service ever at a fair price .
its not hard to take an order .
sometimes i have to repeat no , this store in particular .
waitresses are slow .
_num_ % pure comfort food that reminds me of home .
we 'll definitely be back .
these donuts have the perfect texture and taste .
i can excuse the mess because i know how inconsiderate customers can be .
absolute worst experience .
was a great evening !
and the coffee there is good too .
it was n't good .
george is probably the only trustworthy employee in this whole entire complex .
my favorite safeway to shop at !
they lost a sale and customer for being cheap .
get you in and out fast but take good care of you .
the lobby stinks .
they need to teach their employees some manners and how costumer service works !
check out this dairy !
so rude !
it is their best dish !
the pizza sauce is seasoned just right .
if i could give them a zero i would .
_num_ .
you wo n't get good sleep due to being worried about your vehicle .
this one in particular is always nice to go into .
great family owned restaurant and great food at decent prices .
dine in is classy and sophisticated .
i noticed a reply on my rating .
my filet , perfect !
how can you mess up a greek salad ?
the sandwich was greasy and tasted like chemicals .
i 've been wanting chicken fingers all day .
love it !
this restaurant !
worst service i 've ever experienced .
you gave to try their wings so good .
i love the warm syrup and everything is cooked fresh .
just got a peter piper pizza for the 1st time in awhile .
had no idea it was spring training and alot of places were booked .
they do n't live up to their name .
egg drop soup & spring rolls are excellent .
`` cafe '' could not be slower if they tried .
good drinks !
this place did not and i was unable to finish my $ _num_ cocktail .
was told it 's a _num_ minute wait .
not sure ?
rooms were comfortable , showers were spacious and also clean .
alex our waiter , did an exceptional job .
the place is very clean , the staff is very helpful and patient .
highly recommend it !
this on the other hand was a disaster from the beginning .
we will definitely make this our go-to chinese restaurant !
the service is fast and friendly .
friendly and fast , this location is fast food done right .
they are so busy only _num_ people working the food counter .
so , i did n't order much .
this place pretty much sucked .
it has better food than these larger buffets .
the management was rude .
i love bringing friends in here .
great service and good people who care about the community .
i did n't really care where i was going to stay .
bathroom looks like it had never been cleaned , ever .
the carrot and celery sticks are mushy and off color .
i 'm very pleased with his level of care and treatment .
sweet service .
is this a race or she just hates taking orders ?
are you freaking kidding me ?
for a steakhouse , some darker brews compliment the meat .
the coupon says it 's only good tonight at the game .
Negative
i had the sweet and sour chicken and it was soooooo good .
no sales help , very depressing .
will be ordering again in the future !
high quality `` homemade '' food .
awesome staff .
this hotel was the worst hotel we stayed in .
so got off from a _num_ hour shift pretty hungry .
i also really enjoy the won ton soup and combo fried rice .
should n't have wasted our time .
not satisfied at all .
open on saturdays always a plus !
you 've got ta love di .
score !
the medical doctor was unable to help me with a prescription i needed .
this place was amazing .
great diner food , great diner service , great diner prices .
dinner was great as usual .
good price .
rude hostess and bad customer service .
service was below average but not terrible .
to the lazy manager you lost a loyal customer over shrimp !
crappy customer service .
great place to eat in a pinch .
great place !
the food is excellent and plentiful .
this was during a wine tasting event .
it looks like someone 's already eaten it ! ''
pharmacy staff is rude .
for the price , this place is very good .
carlos and anthony are really professional .
that was _num_ weeks ago .
they deserve a star .
great food , clean n great staff !
our food was fantastic !
did n't feel too safe to go for a walk .
thank you for the great meal !
the staff is friendly and very helpful !
i am glad we only stayed one night here .
a month apart and now i am concerned about having another experience .
even the ice cream for dessert lacks luster .
probably the worst olive garden i have been to .
as soon as you walk in the room it stinks .
while the pizza was decent , the wings were awesome .
unfortunately , i am unable to say the same about my experience here today .
the servers are very friendly and will always try to make you laugh .
long time streets customer who is now done with them for a long time .
hot .
they really care !
it is great .
i ordered fried lasagna which was burned .
i love the staff !
home depot is usually pretty good .
highly recommend the machaca burrito .
maybe mongolian grills are not my thing .
i ordered chicken strips for my daughter .
they 're totally new to this place .
and we had great service .
so cute .
i got one $ _num_ credit but it did n't continue .
i literally could n't believe what had happened .
nightmares of hungry people and no food ... .
i got ta have my hot sauce baby !
the beans were too runny as well .
it was our first time here and we are definitely coming back .
awesome experience !
worst motel ever !
plus he was n't very helpful with putting my car in the driveway .
our waitress was amazing .
good portions super cheap and food is pretty good !
the whole company employees and all where very nice and effective .
they are prompt , efficient and do excellent work .
Very negative
great food , huge portions , we have been coming here for years .
great authentic bo@@ s@@ n@@ i@@ an food !
i can deal with poor customer service , but finding glass in a biscuit ?
save your money and get a $ _num_ hot n ' ready !
their crab puffs are delicious too .
they are very cautious about safety and paired us up with great horses .
i love it and i know you will too .
the service is super friendly and perfectly attentive while not being overbearing .
she was beyond rude , even started talking down about us to the staff .
no eggs no green olives ect and paid almost ten dollars !
we got breakfast burritos from here and they were sooooo good !
i would not recommend this to my friends or family .
we started asking questions and he was being very rude .
foods delicious and very affordable .
i got the mongolian beef and it really was the best i 've had .
then , the server tried to charge me for a new ranch !
one time i came in on a friday and only one teller was working .
in general , this petsmart just was not a fun place to be .
it 's good knowing small businesses like these have good stuff .
always great food , service , and prices !
pizza is excellent as well .
three of my large furniture pieces were damaged .
they graciously walked my team through the installation process as well after the sell .
thanks guys !
ordered a large supreme and it had next to no meat veggies on it .
very nice !
left really full .
_num_ .
why schedule appointments if you ca n't be ready to serve your patients ?
thanks to everyone at arizona life chiropractic center !
while the food itself seems to taste okay .
it took them two days to come out and fix my fridge .
maybe it was a bad day , but .
the wings was n't that good .
rude .
the noodles were disgusting .
fridge does n't work .
i air dried from my shower instead .
they look great and were installed quickly !
i really hate coming here .
this is the best mexican food joint in west phoenix .
unfortunately for the price of rent here the apartments are really dated .
all in all a great stay !
but this one really had a good feeling .
i do n't understand why they do n't do dressing either .
great place to watch sports .
this is ridiculous !
a little more professionalism and significantly more customer appreciation is needed at this company .
the chips and salsa are always hot and fresh .
their bread is amazing , though .
the broccoli tasted like it was not washed .
we loved them .
i had never been to a texas roadhouse quite like this one .
the end result is fantastic !
the burrito was big but only fair tasting .
so i did but still not satisfied .
cold fries .
nice homemade cultural experience to dine at .
great cheese pizza !
it 's a rare treat to receive quality service in the fast-food industry .
the gentleman who replaced our tires was efficiently fast and paid attention to detail .
extremely disappointed .
i would suggest they hire someone with more experience working with customers .
unfortunately it 's the closest one to our house .
why would n't she tell me that from the beginning ?
mani and pedi were the best and most relaxing i have ever experienced .
they have the best lunch specials .
it was a _num_ dollar bowl for crying out loud .
they have the best egg cook i 've ever seen .
go back and have bad service again and spend more $ ?
all the _num_ star reviews are very odd to me .
our server was really really rude .
awesome !
good eating !
would definitely recommend it for a quick local flavorful bite to eat .
i wo n't be ordering pizza from here again .
this is real mexican style food .
i just had the best lunch ... as always the food is consistently great !
the food was awful .
water glasses , dirty .
everyone was so friendly to me and i felt well informed .
no one should wait for what i had to wait for .
the place was filthy and the woman behind the counter was incredibly rude .
food was good , but service was great .
it 's always clean , the food looks fresh and tastes great every time .
yum yum yum !
things were not right .
this was a memorable and challenging course .
good place to come for lunch if you work in the area .
give it a try !
i hardly doubt they reached their limit on a tuesday but who knows .
this place is perfect !
this is not something the family should have to deal with !
wow !
any other store , one could request a price check .
no touching , no going ahead of people , no laugh@@ ter , no dancing .
the lo mein is amazing as are the cream puffs .
half the time they ca n't get my order right .
great customer service but food was bland .
i only go since it is on the way home from work .
the staff works hard to make sure they do a great job .
$ _num_ plus tax for two people , one bowl each !
well , i did n't like milk .
the neighborhood is bad and it reflects in their attitude toward their customers .
great food and great service !
the chicken was dry and way overcooked .
this store has a great staff !
great food , friendly staff ... must try !
francisco was wonderful .
manager says she needs it for inventory .
we will be searching for another vet and not coming back to this location .
sure , puppies are cute for a few months , but they need training .
i am not even gon na go into prices or anything .
great reliable company .
they always know what the right wines to recommend for me .
why do they charge so much to use credit cards ?
still highly recommend .
i will be contacting groupon to get a refund .
it literally ruined my night .
just a terrible location .
perfect cafe food !
the pizza is incredible and a large is less than $ _num_ .
so for the guys out there you should go to ken !
i went once and refused to go back .
shame on you !
- food is generally pretty good .
the worst place i ever stayed .
me and my husband went here last saturday for an early dinner .
ca n't say i 've ever liked a dentist until now .
the war wonton soup is the best in the valley !
the owner was great !
also way too much cheese .
unfortunately i ca n't so i have to give them one .
just try it and fall in love !
sat down to eat .
it is a perfect place to get the short game on track .
i personally love the tacos with red sauce !
trash !
nothing was working .
and mighty fine waffle house food .
do not eat here .
great customer service !
nobody called me .
very very good american chinese food .
i asked them to put it on rye instead because that would taste better .
went through drive thru , ordered two _num_ piece chicken strips .
wow this place is bad .
long story short , _num_ of us returned our meals as they were nasty .
we left at 6am cutting our _num_ night start to one .
is their clientele so vast that they can afford to treat people like crap ?
asked to speak with he manger he too do not arrive .
poor poor customer service .
the least they could do was substitute tenders in place of breast .
went in tonight , for a date night .
wings always made to my liking and very crispy .
amazing !
unorganized and lack of integrity .
all their fried food is good .
food , i did n't like .
that seems incredibly unacceptable .
this restaurant is a staple in the community .
i will never be back to metro barber shop and not give anymore referrals .
very generous portion and great taste .
disappointed !
maybe i am just visiting at the wrong time .
he was helpful at first but than treated us as if we were stupid .
hardly any sauces , and it 's totally ugly inside .
i called _num_ different reps answered me .
uber friendly staff , great value for steaks and quick service .
always has a far price .
it 's that good !
yeah !
thank you mcdonald 's for actually doing the jobs you were hired to do !
happy eats !
be polite on the phone , then hang up and talk crap about them .
_num_ minutes after ordering : grills broken , no hotdogs .
this was after i paid them to fix my pool .
unfortunately we had o option then to stay there .
all dishes were excellent !
she welcomed us and said hello as soon as we walked in .
i saw them put _num_ small containers front of me and said no .
that should have been my first clue .
just went back this weekend .
i was very unimpressed with this store .
the drive thru is supper dirty and the ppl there are rude !
manager said i could pay more to get a synthetic o change .
the service can be hit or miss but the food is delicious !
a year later the transmission is still doing great !
best taco i 've ever had .
do n't fall for this .
their food is consistently good and fairly price .
the guacamole was amazing !
now i want to give it a zero .
nor will anyone else i know .
the worst experience i have ever had at a dr 's office !
could n't get out of the there fast enough .
also loved the manager checked on us too !
the honey sesame chicken was cold .
the food was great but andy made our night perfect !
i leave not even a block away everything comes back on once again .
it has not been the same on several occasions .
do n't know ... do n't want to know .
the food is good , way better than panda express !
so , his arrival did n't help the problem .
this location on the other hand is dirty , unfriendly , and unprofessional .
the service is excellent and food was superb .
one of my favorite is the powdered donuts with blueberry filling !
we love ralph 's snack bar !
the wings are great too !
this last trip may have been the breaking point .
price was fair .
but the food is great , the prices are decent too .
this places is amazing calzones are so tasteful !
i kept telling her no but she continued to insist she must come in .
good service with big portion great tasting food .
the salad was heavy on the onions , easy on the anything else .
_num_ .
the selection was similar to sweet tomatoes , but lower quality .
i asked why he was being so rude .
that tells me you are not paying attention to what you are doing .
other than that i do n't know who else could appreciate this place .
they have a wide selection of tasty treats .
really really good .
good location !
they had some hard working employees also but avoid this one if you can .
she said , `` they 're really busy in the back . ''
_num_ .
staff is very nice and helpful .
my dough was mushy , crust was soft and had no crisp to it .
great food and it has a diner atmosphere .
extremely long wait time .
the manager was yelling at the cashier while we placed our order .
my kids love their pizza .
pretty fast service.
he made everything great and suggested i give them another shot .
ridiculous .
just as good as any other olive garden .
he makes this stressful experience better !
nevertheless , i love coming to this market !
not cool .
the maids left the trash in the hallways all night .
possibly the best tortas in the west valley .
i like mine with extra sauce .
thanks !
damn you dinner rolls !
if you have n't been here or are thinking of checking it.
the ice cream ( yogurt ) machine is no more .
needless to say i tried every milk they had and enjoyed all of them .
the food is very good and the service is very nice .
this place deserves a big fat zero rating .
dr. ho is absolutely amazing !
so we she did get to see him but almost by force .
for a moment i thought i 'm eating mom food .
this gym is always dirty , and equipment is either broken or outdated .
then she asks me what entree .
will always return , as stated , it has become a tradition for us !
grab a fresh burger off the club grill from sally !
go here , eat one , now .
my hubby and i frequent this waffle house , usually late at night .
service here is excellent and very friendly staff .
it was awful .
this is a go to place for a great hand tossed ny style pizza .
i encourage you to give it a try !
all of them are great also the chorizo and carne .
that was going to cost me $ _num_ .
i totally recommend her .
she immediately got an attitude and told me they was not cold .
she knows what i like and always recommends it !
this was awful pizza .
we loved the food and service !
you had the best old school video games ever .
disappointing meal .
horrible , horrible service they do n't deserve any stars .
beautiful place to go hor@@ se@@ back riding .
i would definitely recommend central towing , and if possible recommend francisco !
friendly service .
great vw shop !
which my mom was sitting at who uses a walker and has trouble moving .
everyone there was amazing and the horses were super friendly .
very good mexican food !
i will be getting a full refund !
the flavors are so good !
our server , andrea , quickly greeted us and was very very pleasant .
i will definitely recommend it to others , and be back myself !
they were unprofessional , rude and extremely difficult to deal with .
we felt so comfortable with this shop and thats hard to come by .
poor service .
we love grace walk !
they have great service .
never has any issues with this place at all , always friendly and correct .
i took my sierra pickup to these guys and they did a fantastic job .
i the steam rooms door has been cracked for over three months now .
delicious !
this church is amazing .
first off , their lay out is all over the place .
this place is amazing !
this is the best food i have had since arriving in phoenix .
i 'm impressed with this store !
daniel was very honest and upfront with all costs and expectations !
last week we had the best calzone since we moved here to az .
the portions are good and the chicken is always really good .
luckily he was wearing leather pants , so he just dried himself off .
that is a plus .
good salsa , and rice .
both were amazing .
first off the happy hour deals are pretty good .
it 's not gourmet but it 's great eats at unbeatable prices .
ate there with co-worker and we had fresh fries and everything was delicious !
a great place for brunch and quite inexpensive too !
the toilet in the room did n't stop running .
good food at a decent price .
it is tolerable maybe once but not four times .
again in a super loud voice we were told no .
their food is amazing and their ice tea is the best .
bad service .
i do bring my friends and family here they always love it !
not a fan .
worst service ever .
horrible customer service today !
this is when things started to get ugly .
( this was done a week previous to this . )
the portions are great you get a lot of food for your money .
there were no check-out lanes open .
and we did n't even get chocolates with the check !
will be eating here a lot !
if i could rate a zero i would .
love it !
the sides were terrible .
so basically their guarantee is that there is no guarantee .
thank god they use central towing in their network .
we walked in and the place was dirty and not well lit .
no , just the regular oil change , thanks .
huge portion !
this was my first visit here and i was impressed .
not her , and this location is going to pay for her mistake .
businesses have bad days .
i would recommend not going to this place ever !
i will never come to this restaurant again .
_num_ .
favorite mexican in town , best value too .
never had eggs cooked so perfectly before .
i was disappointed with the steak fries as they were mushy .
the area seemed very sketchy .
no wonder they are closing down everywhere .
floor and ceiling look like they have been rode hard and hung up wet .
horrible service and dirty facility .
definitely worth it .
he is size friendly and truly cares about his patients .
this girl staff is fucking rude .
the tired bartenders are over worked and under staffed .
terrible experience .
half the lights do n't work .
really good food in huge portions .
the service excellent and the waitress was very attentive .
never again shall i use this spot .
overall , it 's a typical chinese american restaurant .
when entering , i was willing to give the techs a chance .
everything always seems to be really fresh and the prices are reasonable !
love this place !
he did not even bother requesting a price check .
dr b is an amazing dr .
affordable german auto is great .
everything we ordered was perfect and everything on their menu is a great deal .
we got some appetizers which were very good as well .
absolute worst banking experience i have ever had .
you name it they got it .
the wheat bread was not very good , and too thick .
pretty sad , really .
great family environment , and the staff is always friendly and attentive .
thank god we left at _num_ _num_ the next morning .
then they did not have the part and rescheduled for the next week !
spent _num_ minutes passed that to finally be attended too .
making me sick just thinking about it .
definitely recommend this location .
when the food finally arrived , it was n't anything spectacular .
maybe she was confused to what i meant ?
cool small spot .
i wish i could give this place negative stars .
this particular petsmart is no exception .
the manager and staff are really friendly .
that was the only good thing about this place .
thank you to the staff , and thank you my lord .
macayo 's has great food but a poor happy hour .
wo n't go back to this waffle house again .
a great change for a great price !
my pedicure , however , turned out okay with minimal polish on the skin .
he did amazing work at a very reasonable price .
was in the area and thought i would stop in for a burger .
these must have been frozen at some point , they were watery and tasteless .
i 'm not even kidding , it was falling off .
the movie detail sucks .
_num_ .
they also left a greasy hand print on my light grey interior .
service was quick , food was good and the prices are cheap .
always a good thing .
it did n't take long to figure out what it was .
will definitely come back .
this is by far the best church i 've been to in my life .
so my wings came out _num_ mins before pizza was done .
victor in the paint department never called back like he said .
first time to the place & it is an awesome place for breakfast .
had the worst experience with safeway this week .
had the worst experience at the deli section .
its so worth it .
the guys at midas have been so good to me .
love love love this truck !
the food in my opinion is so commercial .
i 'm not sure the food was old or it 's a food poisoning .
thank you bill !
walked in and was told there was a 10-15 minute wait .
the worst experience i have ever had at an enterprise location .
the food soo delicious !
thank you very much .
my husband thought the carne asada was tender and flavorful .
first impression : the place is really really dirty .
this was absolutely a hidden gem !
the `` sour '' is n't in the name to make it sound pretty .
they are always courteous and have real conversations with you .
egg rolls were amazing .
incredible service by francisco .
not the food but the service .
i 'm in love with their food .
they tried telling us we drove _num_ miles !
five stars for carrying new mexico hatch chile !
but i am not sure about the frozen lunch meat you are offered .
this thrift shop has a large selection of good quality items for god prices .
the inside of the place was really nice !
bad sign # _num_ .
i am not a fan .
got the salad , it was ok .
good down to earth atmosphere .
this place is like my cheers !
worth a look if you are in the area .
i , and my friends will avoid that course for now .
it was n't any better .
also the manager is racist & they do not accept section _num_ anymore .
we waited for _num_ minutes and ended up leaving with no food .
the food is always fresh and well prepared .
i left my purchases there along with another customer .
so of course i am going to use the vet visit .
he knows quality , and he knows customer service .
one of our family favorites .
they did n't bother me .
if you do n't ... well be prepared for your order to be wrong .
i just love this place !
this place is horrible .
i have recommended him to many of my friends over the years .
really over an hour behind and nothing .
i love this place .
after moving from california i definitely needed a great donut shop !
no food ready but asked if i could pay now .
one of my favorite places in the valley .
thank you very much .
first , the cashier clearly did n't want to be there .
great ... .
i receive great customer service .
great italian food - huge deli department .
always very friendly and clean & very professional .
always wonderful have been completely satisfied every time !
it was disgusting !
i love how close this texas roadhouse is to my house !
big mistake .
had a terrible meal here from start to finish .
the gel nail polish i got was perfect !
wish i could get my tip back .
it just would n't be worthwhile .
but , the food was terrible .
movie night !
not worth it to me .
thank you for taking such great care of my baby girl !
i went to wendy 's across the street and had food in _num_ minutes .
my husband , and family continue to go to him .
cold potato , the cheese would n't even melt .
it did n't taste horrible , just cheap ... so only a minor fail .
and the home made rolls the sandwich is served on are lite and delicious .
i do n't know what happened but the crust is not the same .
just amazing .
i have never had such terrible service , especially from management as well .
fairly friendly staff .
none of that .
service was excellent and timely , food was delicious fresh and hot .
definitely check this place out if you are in the mood for something authentic .
price is right .
the customer service is horrible !
when she took the acrylics off she left my nails completely broken .
i generally like olive garden but this location is the worst .
disappointing .
i did n't have tub , just a shower with a seat .
lol the pizza is so good here .
i would highly recommend him !
the staff at this location was amazing .
best place for shakes !
i absolutely love love love their popcorn !
the beef was overcooked and chewy .
happy family is a mother great dish .
no , we are locals .
amazing prices too !
failure one was not checking the address or even bothering to take one .
better values and better pace elsewhere .
she loves the orange and strawberry and her mom loves the mocha .
this is seriously the best subway i have ever been to .
denise did n't remember ever speaking with me .
Negative
of my entree , only the salad was great !
i took my parents and unfortunately we were very disappointed .
if i could give lower , i would .
pizza mart 's pizza is the best inexpensive pizza i 've ever had .
they kinda make you feel like family .
however , just the other night , i found mold in my pizza .
food was very fresh .
the salsa is spicy , the beans and rice delicious .
it had only been used a few times so it still looked brand new .
still ca n't beat a $ _num_ foot long .
service is good .
the entire visit lasted two and a half hours .
chuck e cheese is our typical friday outing .
well i remember how it tasted .
thank you for always working with me when i was a nervous wreck .
it gets the job done .
i love their food , and it 's always clean and busy .
our tour guide cowboy was really nice and knew a ton about everything .
we could n't wait till he was gone .
as of harkins goes this theater is a hit or miss .
horrible customer service and very rude front desk lady .
the next morning , we found that the water temperature would n't stay steady .
small menu , but the food is excellent .
buying here was the mistake of the year .
everyone there is nice .
the furniture is unique and looks like one of a kind .
some of my favorite bars have been considered dive bars .
food is always prompt , hot and good .
great service , nice size portions , and then food had lots of flavor .
great store and nice customer service .
yelp failed us on this one .
it 's hard to express exactly how much i love the arizona hum@@ ane society .
my one take spoon of blue cheese dressing to go with it was ok .
nice small atmosphere that brings out the bo@@ s@@ n@@ i@@ an culture .
the waitress ( mothers granddaughter ) is sweet and gives solid service .
disgusting !
i had a simple burrito but it was delicious !
had we had any other choices , we would have taken them .
not as good as 1st few times .
total , almost $ _num_ !
the pizza and boneless wings are very good .
we were so disappointed the chicken fried sirloin is so terrible .
save yourself the $ _num_ .
the crust is totally amazing and so awesome in my mouth !
quality and quantity is given here .
but nothing show stopping .
but the rest of my family like the regular ones .
wtf i took the room and headed to 3rd floor hell .
the gentleman working there was very polite and helpful !
i will definitely be back .
lame .
lowest prices and friendly staff .
still great food , but now the place looks awesome inside , too !
edit : hi rick , i appreciate your desire for a resolution .
order was wrong .
oops , i was using caps !
waitress was very friendly .
is n't this dinner time ?
an hour was just right for our first ride .
this guy was happy to do his job and do it well .
the stations were messy and they were short staffed .
this place is a horrible location .
not a family friendly place at all .
great service , great little whole in the wall restaurant .
they took our drink orders right away and got them out right away .
after slow service this morning i decided to look up this business on yelp .
we are both very adventurous with food and love trying new things .
customers do n't have time to lie about a damn membership .
first , the driver was super late to pick up our stuff .
okay , okay ... .
i 'm so glad to have such an amazing thrift store in my neighborhood .
never again will i go back to this restaurant .
it was pretty odd for an almost empty restaurant .
ask for april - best server ever !
it is served in a tiny cup and tray that is adorable !
the donuts are n't greasy and they have a really good flavor .
great service too .
lots of options , decent prices .
after _num_ minutes my pizza was out but only the pizza and no wings .
the restaurant is clean and workers are polite .
consumer beware because the great customer service i was promised is non-existent .
past _num_ days they have opened late .
i sat down and waited .
absolutely ridiculous , i would not recommend this location at all !
not to mention the place was filthy !
the chicken was dry and had no flavor .
i felt comfortable and safe the whole time .
steaks cooked to perfection and friendly awsome service .
amazing service and food !
avoid coming here if you do n't have to .
the pastas , hot or cold are great as well .
that 's not that worst part .
very cool .
normally a person will tip _num_ % - _num_ % of their bill .
this place is terrible !
we walk up and wait a bit in line , no big deal .
oh god in heaven : no !
the customer service is still good as well .
there was an employee drinking beer while he was working .
it is wonderful !
it was very good ... .
food was cooked perfect , thank you kitchen !
make him put his weights away !
yuck , yuck yuck .
the doctors and staffs are very professional , kind and thoughtful .
saw the show and came to see _num_ stars , forget it .
outside smells _num_ times better than my room did .
their wings are very tasty as well .
the scenery was great , well worth the money .
az is not southern so this was a very welcome surprise .
love this place .
location is not really nice .
the service was great and the food has never disappointed .
zero stars just the middle finger .
very highly recommended !
afterwards , i went about my various errands for the day .
definitely one of the best tire shop and location .
both waiters where rude and condescending .
i love the honey hot .
it was n't terrible , but it was n't pleasant .
worth checking in before anywhere else !
the guys are very professional and nice .
i 'll spend my money where it 's welcome .
will not be coming back to this location .
the meat is dark , fatty , and does n't even taste like chicken .
walked in and no hello from the bartender .
avoid this location if you can .
the equipment is outdated .
my new favorite restaurant !
he went to prepare our food without washing his hands .
we did n't see her after she dropped off our food .
that is n't cool .
they put their customers before pricing which is great to know .
also they do not have gluten free soy sauce .
i ordered them with no guacamole , add extra cheese .
very bad business !
so sad .
its so much better than the other chinese food places in the west valley .
i had _num_ minutes to make it to the new location before they closed .
and the family and staff are the best .
will be back when in town .
the staff is courteous and friendly and the morning coffee is good .
do n't waste your money here .
will continue to order from them often .
we 'll not go back .
i always order it when i go there and it is always awesome .
we decided on may _num_ , _num_ .
there tortas are also tasty !
good service .
the desserts were delicious as well .
not the best location , but great food .
next , the total was $ _num_ ( i also ordered a blizzard ) .
the hotel staff could n't have cared about anyone one .
everyone is always so friendly and their sells are pretty good !
this place sucks bad , they used to be good .
delicious .
i wanted to like it , i really did .
the maintenance guys are great as well and promptly fix things .
then he had to leave and try and get my refund processed .
so , this place was perfect to just sleep and go .
i totally regret ordering from them .
tammy was a great trip guide .
this place is amazing !
but now there 's no way i 'll ever go back .
always good to eat something that is interesting and tasty !
for fast food mexican , it was pretty good .
i 'm not talking about running a few minutes late either .
another _num_ minutes go by i called back she then told me _num_ minutes .
luckily i had cash so i paid her for exactly what i had ordered .
their spicy bbq wing are also pretty darn good too .
tasty coffee , love their pancakes .
their service is also very good .
the guy said sorry for the wait but he did n't mean it .
do not go here for food .
i sent my boyfriend within ten mins to go pick our dinner up .
good service !
called early this morning at 8am to schedule an appointment for an oil change .
i would normally give og a 3-4 .
make sure you have time to burn , my mani/pedi took over two hours !
they were rude and unapologetic .
i wish i 'd gone to the big apple instead .
only had one bartender and no server .
to start , the place is beautiful .
they are cheap .
i had her order the steak and shrimp with veggie bowl for me .
a great value !
it was my first time riding horse and i loved every moment of it .
worst room i have ever stayed in in my entire life .
worst qt i 've ever been to .
it did n't ring up so the cashier called someone .
their salsas are not spicy or flavorful .
do not spend your hard earned money at this location .
chicken was hot and yummy .
they throw everything in very sloppy .
do not use this company !
ugh .
the staff is great and knowledgeable .
great simple chinese food .
do n't stay here .
so done trying new nail places .
so i was immediately done with this place .
i could n't even eat part of my meal .
it was good .
will not be returning .
the server nikki was awful , the food was mediocre at best .
the owner was very rude !
blah blah blah ... words words words .
eggs come out a perfect over medium every time and look so pretty .
highly recommended !
this place was filthy !
i washed my hands _num_ times that night .
stay as far away from this place as possible .
the waitress was super nice .
their customer service is excellent !
... not friendly !
will keep returning .
so he proceeded to hand me my order and then asked for the money .
* the office manager anna is insanely rude .
the ice cream and sides are great too .
would n't accept my coupon from verizon .
anyway , i saw _num_ shirt that was semi cute .
this place is the worst place i have ever been too .
the lady that did my pedi did not even put a top coat on .
what an awesome experience !
service was prompt , courteous , and fast .
i spent _num_ bucks there .
great lunch specials under $ _num_ for quality food .
mainly a liquor store with gas pumps , some of which are shut down .
that 's great service .
_num_ .
the place looks gross , old and not clean at all .
everything was fantastic , especially the bread !
love this place !
this is by far the worst nail salon i have been too .
they charged for unnecessary supplies for a very poor quality service .
he was very unhelpful and rude .
the rest of the food items were just gross .
pleasant staff and decent atmosphere .
everything we looked at was in pretty good condition .
she would drag on the words in a high pit@@ ch voice .
wo n't be this place .
i am always happy to go eat here !
the girls who work in the office are very sweet and helpful .
this place is crap .
i would n't go here for a meal ever again .
this doctor was horrible .
the owners are really nice and it is family run .
every encounter i have had with her ... she is always rude or angry .
i keep trying to give this place a chance .
i would keep going to this place for that great service !
awesome authentic food !
i highly recommend you try this place .
i paid _num_ for a no _num_ combo with a beyond small shake .
gross !
it was n't worth it .
a great place to get takeout .
this time i brought the family here .
this place seriously needs more tellers .
fresh made bread for the tortas and refreshing fruit drinks !
we had a large party at lunch and they were amazing !
their hot bread is the best !
better !
i 'm very happy !
really good italian food !
the staff was all very friendly and helpful .
it 's not wise to assume everyone knows the way your business is run .
great challenge of golf especially from the tips .
they do it all the time , so they are pros at it .
i went in as a guest no fee charged .
the people who work here are so extremely friendly .
mediocre quality , at best .
i show up a few minutes late and still wait an additional 10-15 minutes .
the customer service that i experienced here was on par with any other salon .
serves bad and slow .
i 'd definitely revisit !
i call them and they apologize and tell me they will refund me .
it might actually be worse than little caesar 's or peter piper .
best idea ever .
he gave me my money back .
he got everything but the lower bun .
there were many customer dogs in the store , and nobody was petting them !
absolute no seasoning on the nasty meat .
heavy sauces , bland dishes and so-so service .
now , the one advantage i thought was present , is not .
so i was a little disappointed at this point .
very enjoyable riding experience .
also i checked out the restroom .
they 've always been courteous , straightforward and honest with me .
brooklyn boys ' alfredo blows this place out of the water !
they do n't add much to the meal .
first impression when i walk into the place is the smell of dirty carpets .
to make matters worse , the place has all the atmosphere of a warehouse .
place is in desperate need of some renovation .
this does n't even come close .
on top of that the steak here is excellent !
very impressive customer service .
i am never going to this one again .
my husband and i loved the egg drop soup .
definitely worth a trip !
this woman has no business being in the hospitality industry .
amazing if you ask me .
worst stay of my life , i wish i could get my money back .
great payment options , a solution for every customer .
they make me feel uncomfortable to shop for wigs .
drink sizes are nice and big .
refuse to be treated poorly .
the service was friendly but the food was not worth the money .
when i first walked in , i was hit with that bathroom smell .
where i come from they skate , not here .
overall , would not return .
we could n't tell who worked there and who did n't .
i have always had excellent service at this location and another phoenix location .
i love the colorful personality 's of the staff .
highly recommended .
but , all _num_ wings were bad .
however , now as an adult the experience was not the same .
the past _num_ years they have really gone down hill .